#27         mere 0.42928571 0.70555556        14        10 -0.27626984
#41  significant 0.39933333 0.63789474        15        20 -0.23856140
#29    monstrous 0.54600000 0.76950000        15        22 -0.22350000
#28     monetary 0.08722222 0.27263158        18        19 -0.18540936
#35      popular 0.19928571 0.38100000        14        10 -0.18171429
#
#25        major 0.40000000 0.28307692        23        14  0.11692308
#43      spanish 0.18777778 0.06357143        18        15  0.12420635
#2        annual 0.24250000 0.09375000        16        16  0.14875000
#48        whole 0.28200000 0.12428571        10        14  0.15771429
#10     dramatic 0.63833333 0.45307692        24        13  0.18525641



annual	1810	Nor is it possible for the people to estimate the share of influence which their <b>annual</b> assemblies may respectively have on events resulting from the mixed transactions of several years. It is sufficiently difficult, to preserve a personal responsibility in the members of a numerous body, for such acts of the body as have an immediate, detached, and palpable operation on its......
annual	1810	Nor is it possible for the people to estimate the share of influence which their <b>annual</b> assemblies may respectively have on events resulting from the mixed transactions of several years. It is sufficiently difficult, to preserve a personal responsibility in the members of a numerous body, for such acts of the body as have an immediate, detached, and palpable operation on its......
annual	1820	While I am on the subject of the organization and powers of the American Education Society and its respective Branches, I would state, that the General Society, constituted as above, has recently held its <b>annual</b> meetings, alternately in Boston and New York during the week of their respective anniversaries. This arrangement will probably continue --  and by means of it the Society will be brought into the vicinity of a very large part of all the voting members. Should the next meeting be held in the city of New York, more members will probably be in the city having a right to......
annual	1820	The application is then forwarded to the Board of the Parent Society for their concurrence. If they think it their duty to reject the application; they remit the case back to the Branch Society, with their objections. Should a final disagreement take place between the two Boards, the case may come before the General Society at their <b>annual</b> meeting, at which are present mem- bers from all parts of the United States. This has an ultimate juris* diction over every question of this, or of the like nature. It is true that......
annual	1820	Her letters never degenerated into common-place remark; but always turned on real business, or proposals of practical utility, for which her resources seemed never to fail, and the success with which she was rewarded often reminded me of our Saviour's reproof;  O thou of little faith, wherefore didst thou doubt? Every year, she had the pleasure of attending the <b>annual</b> meeting of the Congregational Union of Scotland, alternately in Edinburgh and Glasgow. On these occasions, which occupy two days, there......
annual	1820	Her letters never degenerated into common-place remark; but always turned on real business, or proposals of practical utility, for which her resources seemed never to fail, and the success with which she was rewarded often reminded me of our Saviour's reproof;  O thou of little faith, wherefore didst thou doubt? Every year, she had the pleasure of attending the <b>annual</b> meeting of the Congregational Union of Scotland, alternately in Edinburgh and Glasgow. On these occasions, which occupy two days, there......
annual	1830	Your loving neffu, JACK DOWNING. LETTER XXX. In which Mr. Downing dreams some poetry. From the Portland Courier, April, 1831. Legislative proceedings extra. --  On the evening before the adjournment of the Legislature, while the members of the House were waiting for some bill to be engrossed, Mr. Shapleigh of Berwick presented an order, that a Committee be appointed to consider the expediency of assessing an <b>annual</b> tax upon a certain class of gentlemen commonly called Old Bachelors, to be appropriated for the use and support of a certain class of ladies usually known by the name of Old Maids, with leave to report by Bill or otherwise. Mr McCrate of Nobleborough hoped the mover would offer his reasons for the passage of the order. Mr. Delesdernier said he understood the order reflected upon his friend from Nobleborough; he therefore moved it be laid on......
annual	1830	The hope is however indulged, that the successful example furnished by that great experiment will dispel any groundless fears, and impart to our public councils that degree of moral courage which the occasion requires. Our fathers did not hesitate to encounter debt, even when the means of paying the interest were unascertained and contingent; and surely we may venture upon a similar effort, now that we are certain that the revenues of the State will suffice to pay the interest. The present nett <b>annual</b> revenue of the State, after paying its expenses and the interest on its debt, is 787, 183, as above stated. That sum alone will pay the annual interest, at five per cent, on $15,743,660; and that amount may therefore be borrowed and expended, and the......
annual	1830	We refer to the course pursued by the leaders of the party at the last session of the Legislature, in using the party majority which they had been able to retain in the Senate of the State-the least democratic branch of its government, from its four years tenure of office --  to thwart the pleasure of the present majority of the people, represented by the new Whig administration, and attested by the large popular majorities of the two preceding <b>annual</b> elections, in a matter the least worthy of an application of constitutional power of so very equivocal a character --  the dispensation of office. The terms of a large number of the offices held under the......
annual	1830	In other words, the domestic manufactures competent to supply us with the articles we now receive from Europe would give us (on the above supposition as to the number of persons employed in producing our exports, which will probably not be thought too high,) a manufacturing population of three millions, and an additional agricultural population of three more, making a total addition to the population of six millions, and of the products of the labor of six million persons to the <b>annual</b> revenue of the community. Such would be the results of the establishment of manufactures, supposing the consumption of domestic products to be exactly the same with that of foreign ones before;......
annual	1830	The usurpations of the Supreme Court, he contended, were but the natural results of its total irresponsibility to the will of the people; an authority always despised by the pampered holders of perpetual offices with perpetual salaries. The corrupt legislation of Congress he ascribed to the six years independence of the Senate, and the two years holy-day of the representatives of the people --  and he hesitated not openly to assert the theory, that <b>annual</b> elections would enlighten as well as purify the  united wisdom  of the nation. These principles Mr. Macon applied, not only to the action of the General Government, but......
annual	1830	The extent of these operations annually may be safely estimated at sixty millions of dollars. Upon this sum the loss sustained by the merchants, and planters, and farmers, and manufacturers, was not probably less than an average of ten per cent., being the excess of the rate of exchange beyond its natural rate in a sound state of the currency, and beyond the rate to which it has been actually reduced by the operations of the Bank of the United States. It will be thus perceived that an <b>annual</b> tax of six millions of dollars was levied from the industrious and productive classes, by the large moneyed capitalists in our commercial cities, who were engaged in the business of brokerage. A variously depreciated currency, and a fluctuating state of the exchanges, open a wide and abundant harvest to the money brokers; and it is not, therefore, surprising, that they should be opposed to an institution, which, at the same time that it has......
annual	1830	It is of little moment which mode of estimation is adopted. Either proves that the tux amounts to hundreds of thousands of dollars in each year. rowers and dealers in bills of exchange. On this amount of bona fide capital lent at six per cent., private persons would draw a revenue of 1,164,107. But the Bank, with this amount of nominal capital, discounts notes and bills of exchange, to the amount of 40,017,445 dollars, from which it derives an <b>annual</b> revenue of $2,561,114, or $1,396,947 more per annum than would be received by private capitalists. In this estimate, we do not include what is paid to the Bank on the rate of exchange, though this must amount to hundreds of thousands of......
annual	1830	The extent of these operations annually may be safely estimated at sixty millions of dollars. Upon this sum the loss sustained by the merchants, and planters, and farmers, and manufacturers, was not probably less than an average of ten per cent., being the excess of the rate of exchange beyond its natural rate in a sound state of the currency, and beyond the rate to which it has been actually reduced by the operations of the Bank of the United States. It will be thus perceived that an <b>annual</b> tax of six millions of dollars was levied from the industrious and productive classes, by the large moneyed capitalists in our commercial cities, who were engaged in the business of brokerage. A variously depreciated currency, and a fluctuating state of the exchanges, open a wide and abundant harvest to the money brokers; and it is not, therefore, surprising, that they should be opposed to an institution, which, at the same time that it has......
annual	1850	ART. 10. The President. . . . may call special meetings of the Board of Directors The Board of Directors shall have power to call special meetin*s of the Society. The fair, obvious construction of these Articles is that the Society shall at its <b>annual</b> meeting appoint its officers, who like all officers of every association or corporate body shall be under the control and direction of the appointing power. The idea that the appointment of an agent clothes him with absolute l) owcr, which can not be controlled, and that it is necessary to reserve tile right to control in tile act of appointment, is a novel one in......
annual	1850	Men are but children. Under your whiskers and wrinkles your college chum sees the old boy. We are barricaded with business, with families, and grave affairs; but we are boys at heart, or we ought to be; and nothing more tends to keep feeling perennially fresh, than the <b>annual</b> meeting of those who were boys together. SoME months since we noted the incredulity with which the French press received the reported discovery of the  viviparous fish  of California. Even the great authority of Agassiz was not sufficient to convince the skeptical Gauls that so notable an exception to the general law of nature had been brought to light. But Mr. Jackson and Professor Agassix were right, and the doubters were all wrong. And what is still more strange, the fish is a very common one in the Golden Land...
annual	1850	Mr. Norton returned to this country in the spring of 1846, having first made a flying visit to the Continent with reference to pursuing his studies in some one of the celebrated laboratories there. On Mr. Norton's return to this country, it was thought important to secure the services of so able and valuable a man to Yale College. Professor Silliman, Sen., with his usual promptness in the cause of science, took the matter in hand, and appearing before the Corporation, at their <b>annual</b> meeting, at commencement, in 1846, presented the importance of having such a professorship in some way connected with the College. This proposal was made at a most fortunate time. It had long been the wish of the College officers to have a department,......
annual	1990	When the ITT Rayonier Pulp Mill and the Grays Harbor Paper Company mill - owned by ITT Rayonier Inc. and the International Paper Company - closed their doors last November, 626 jobs were lost. Unemployment already was above 14 percent in this county of 65,100 people, a figure Hoquiam Mayor Phyllis Shrauger  fully expects  to pass 20 percent now that 60 days of layoff pay required under federal law have run out and workers are unemployed. Beyond the immediate layoffs, which amount to $ 30 million in <b>annual</b> pay and benefits losses, the economic impact is spreading to other businesses as well. Across the street from City Hall, Al McLeod's small print shop used to do about half its business with the mill. That was a big account,  he says,  so it's been pretty rough not......
annual	1990	If such funding is grounds for doubt, so is money from private organizations, such as the American Cancer Society, and government agencies, such as the California Department of Health, that are committed to achieving a smoke-free society. ' Further, ' the L.A. Times continued, both Philip Morris and its subsidiary, Kraft General Foods, were listed as ' major donors ' in the Foundation's 1993 <b>annual</b> report. ' The money amounted to less than 1 per cent of the foundation's budget, even if you count the advertising revenue. But the reporter clearly thought it should lead people to question my conclusions. It turns......
annual	1990	Dig out your fund's prospectus and <b>annual</b> report, and check to see which benchmarks the manager uses to measure his or her performance. If your fund has a clear style defined by size and price-  small-company value,  for instance-then you can quickly hunt up some comparisons on the Internet. Let's say you own Baron Small Cap, which was down 8% for 1998 as we went to press. By logging on to www.russell.com or www.wilshire.com (or simply by calling the fund company and asking for the returns of the Russell 2000 value index or the Wilshire...
annual	1990	Three of the skeptics --  Lindzen, Michaels, and Balling --  were hired as expert witnesses to testify on behalf of Western Fuels Association, a $400 million consortium of coal suppliers and coal-fired utilities. (1) An especially aggressive industry player, Western Fuels was quite candid about its strategy in two <b>annual</b> reports:  T here has been a close to universal impulse in the trade association community here in Washington to concede the scientific premise of global warming... while arguing over policy prescriptions that would be the least disruptive to our economy.... We have disagreed, and do disagree, with this strategy. When the climate change controversy first erupted... scientists were found who are skeptical about much of what seemed generally accepted about the potential for climate change. Among them were Michaels, Balling, and S.......
annual	1990	According to Lev's formula, this represents the return on intellectual capital assets totaling nearly $50 billion-which moved Merck to the top of the pharmaceutical pack, ahead of others with greater sales. Intangible Assets  Studies like these are themselves on the cutting edge of their own field of research. For that reason, they entail a large number of assumptions that remain to be tested in subsequent work. Still, Lev's studies are helping fuel a growing movement to get companies to produce such data in quarterly and <b>annual</b> reports, much as they generate traditional financial information. Indeed, following a three-day intellectual capital symposium in Amsterdam last June, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development reported widespread international support for the voluntary reporting......
annual	1990	AT &T; further announced that it will sell its majority ownership of the AT &T; Capital Corporation and use the proceeds to reduce debt. My financial analysis of AT &T; Breakup II is based on figures from AT &T's; 1994 <b>Annual</b> Report and also from some details of the announced breakup. The Annual Report gives revenues for many of AT &T's; separate business along with direct costs. However, research and development (R &D); and selling, general, and administrative (SG &A); expenditures are stated only from a corporate perspective and are not allocated to the separate businesses. The trick is how to perform these allocations so that each business can be assigned all its costs and than reassembled according to the new breakup. R &D; expenditures for 1994......
annual	1990	MONEY talked with a dozen value-oriented money managers to find companies buying back their stock that also appear to be undervalued. As long as the companies follow through on their announced buyback programs, the pros project that all five stocks could return 20% or more to shareholders over the next 18 months. Ametek (ticker symbol: AE; recently traded on the New York Stock Exchange at $15.75 a share with a 1.5% yield). A high-tech manufacturer with <b>annual</b> sales of $785 million, Ametek began a complex balance sheet restructuring this past spring. The company slashed its dividend 65% to 6c a quarter and borrowed $275 million at an average rate of 8.7%. Along with Ametek's cash on hand, that money was used to retire $188 million of 9.2% debt and begin an 8.7-million share-repurchase program that......
annual	1990	Educational programs at Cornell's museum during this period were in the hands of the professional staff, and traditionally the university museum staff's main focus has been on research. The museum is, however, a cultural center for Ithaca, an upper New York State town containing no other art museum and with no art resources in the greater region. The annual attendance at the Johnson Museum was reported at a healthy 77,656 for the 1989? 90 season (Table 6.2). The 1994? 95 <b>Annual</b> Report notes attendance at 74,000 which, although down from the 1980 and 1990 numbers was, according to Director Franklin Robinson, up 10 percent from the previous year. The introduction, therefore, in 1991 of a docent......
annual	1990	Over the past decade, NPD's <b>annual</b> reports have had a direct impact on what we get in grocery stores and fast food restaurants-as well as what we don't. Vlasic, the pickle producer, jumped when the firm observed that among Americans, the most popular way to eat pickles is in a sandwich. Vlasic's Stackers, pickles that are sliced as thinly as sandwich meat, soon made their appearance on supermarket shelves. NPD's finding that Americans were struggling to fine ways to get more veggies into their diet spurred Pillsbury to introduce  Create-A-Meal......
annual	2000	There is also a real risk that the IRS will decide that donor-dominated management disqualifies a trust. Charitable lead annuity trust. The CLAT is the mirror image of a remainder trust. Here the object is not to shelter past growth from capital gains, but to pass assets --  particularly appreciating ones --  to heirs without incurring punishing estate taxes. The donor puts assets in a CLAT that makes <b>annual</b> payments to charity for a term. When it's up, the heirs get the asset. As with a remainder trust, the IRS takes a snapshot of the deal when it's created,......
annual	2000	' It's terrible, ' Heuga says. ' I just miss my children so much. '  MS is not fatal - those afflicted have normal life expectancies - but Heuga worries about his future. The funding that covers the $ 72,000 <b>annual</b> cost of his stay at Balfour is scheduled to expire in three years. Heuga has no idea what will happen then. ' That's why I say I'm in a holding pattern, ' Heuga says. ' I feel like I've been thrown out of an airplane, and I'm not in a position to do much about it. I'm going for it until I crash. '  United forever in a glorious moment for the U.S. Ski Team, Heuga and Kidd are closer today than they...
annual	2000	The estimates, though, do not include most fraudulent claims, the GAO reported in July 2000. So how much fraud is there in Medicare? Nobody knows,  says Sparrow. But I can't imagine that it would be less than 20 percent, and it's more likely to be 30 (percent) or 35 percent  of <b>annual</b> payments. REGULATORY BREAKDOWNS  Responsibility for the Medicare system is dispersed across 10 regional offices that critics say treat private insurers inconsistently. ......
annual	2000	Most people will be poor, far into the future. But tens of millions of Chinese are already able to think of more than just getting by. Zhang, it turned out, had more than making money and buying as-yet-undeveloped planes on his mind. ZHANG OF THE BUSINESS WORLD Depending on the rankings, Zhang Yue stands somewhere between twenty-fifth and fiftieth on the list of the richest people in China, with assets worth as much as $300 million; Broad Air Conditioning has no debt, and last year it had <b>annual</b> sales of about $300 million. His wealth does not appear to be based principally on political connections, which have obviously been crucial......
annual	2000	The more successful we are on the ground, the more these killers will react,  the president told reporters. But that smacks more of campaign rhetoric (or wishful thinking) than strategic reality. With the economy taking off (a whopping 7 percent <b>annual</b> growth rate in the third quarter of 2003), Iraq may become the central issue of Bush's re-election bid. Right now success or failure turns on some basic questions that the U.S. government is woefully unprepared to answer. The intelligence community --  the CIA, the DIA, the various branches of military intelligence --  can not decide whether it is fighting a ragtag resistance or a well-organized insurgency. The majority view, particularly at the CIA, holds that the terror campaign is the work of small, probably isolated,...
annual	2000	(Brightmail)  7 million Number of new e-mail attacks in April measured by Brightmail's Probe Network. (The number in April 2002 was 4.3 million. )  39 Percentage of people who use a spam filter on their primary e-mail account. (Forrester Research)  $ 10 billion Amount spam will cost U.S. corporations to combat the problem this year. This includes lost productivity, additional equipment, software and manpower. (Ferris Research)  $ 245,000 <b>Annual</b> cost a company with 14,000 employees spends to fight spam. (IDC)  70 Percentage of today's spam that is illegal under one or more current laws in the U.S.  Sample costs of......
annual	2000	The Asian Century  India and China can together reshape the world order,  said Prime Minister Singh to Chinese premier Wen Jiabao when he visited New Delhi in 2005. Between them, India and China account for 2.4 billion people --  one-third of humanity. India is the second-fastest-growing economy after China, posting an <b>annual</b> growth rate of 8 percent in 2006, with the ambition to sustain growth of 9 to 10 percent during the next five years and beyond. India, like China, has embraced a market economy and moved to reap the benefits of globalization. Both India and China see this moment as a historic turning point where the future is gravitating toward Asia. They see the twenty-first century as the Asian century, a time when the institutions that established the global order after World War II......
dramatic	1810	Out of her heart-breaking sacrifices to duty, --  her devotedness to the memory of her martyred parents, --  the exquisite delicacy of her lofty feelings, --  and the unwavering constancy of her hopeless love, --  Mrs. Opie has created an almost matchless picture of moral purity and intellectual loveliness. It is to be regretted that this fiction of Mrs. Opie could not have been brought upon the stage, but the laws of <b>dramatic</b> unity deny the public that benefit and pleasure. Were the stage consecrated to conceptions like this, it would speedily reform both itself and its supporters. The Parisian wits, who must have their epigram upon every thing which engages public attention, made themselves merry with the selection of the present subject for......
dramatic	1810	Painting has much of a common character with <b>dramatic</b> literature, and the very best pictures of the French Artists have the same kind of resemblance to the probability of Nature, that the tragedies of their great dramatic authors have to the characters and actions of men. But in rejecting the pretensions of the French to superiority either in the one species of art or in the other, the rejection ought not to be extended too far. They are wrong in their theory; but their practice so admirably accords with it, that it must be allowed, were it possible for...
dramatic	1830	In 2 vols. 8vo. Embellished with nine Engravings, mcluding three Maps. View of the State of Europe during the Middle Ages. By Henry Hallam. From the Sixth London Edition. Complete in one volume, 8vo. The Dramatic Works and Poems of William Shakspeare. With Notes, original and selected, and Introductory Re marks to each Play, by Samuel Weller Singer, F.S.A., and a Life of the Poet, by Charles Simmons, D.D. Complete in one volume, 8vo. With numerous Engravings. The <b>Dramatic</b> Works of William Shakspeare, with the Corrections and Illustrations of Dr. Johnson, G. Steevens, and others. Revised by Isaac Reed, Esq. In 6 vols. crown 8vo. With a Portrait and other Eugravings......
dramatic	1830	Malcom's Persia. 2 vols. 8vo. Mowbray on Poultry. 12mo. Murphy's Tacitus, complete in 1 vol. 8vo. Massinger's Plays, by Gifford. 4 vols. 8vo. Montague's Ornithological Dictionary of British Birds. 8vo. Montaigne's Essays. 3 vols. 8vo. Michaux's Sylva. 2 vols. 8vo. Machiavel's Works. 2 vols. 4to. Melntosh's Practical Gardener. 2 vols. 8vo. coloured plates. Macknight on the Epistles. 8vo. Marlowe's, Kit, <b>Dramatic</b> Works. 3 vols. 8vo. Maurice's Ancient History of Hindostan. 3 vols. 4to. Meadow's French and English Dictionary, on......
dramatic	1830	To which is prefixed, a Biographical Sketch of the Au thor. 12mo. With a Portrait. Directions for Invigorating and Prolonging Life; or, the Invalid's Oracle. By William Kitchiner, M.D. Improved by T. S. Barrett, M.D. 12mo. The Cook's Oracle and Housekeeper's Manual. Containing Receipts for Cookery, and Directions for Carving. With a Complete System of Cookery for Catholic Families. By William Kitchiner, M.D. 12mo. The Plays of Philip Massinger. In 3 vols. 18mo. With a Portrait. The <b>Dramatic</b> Works of John Ford. With Notes Critical and Explanatory. In 2 vols. 18mo. Wonderful Characters; Comprising Memoirs and Anecdotes of the......
dramatic	1830	As soon as it is dark, the city is illuminated with numerous transparencies, |p3nramids  of lamps, and thousands of torches, which are carried in the streets. Collations, displaying the fruits of almost every season, and flowen which we enjoy in summer alone are presented to every visitor; and in the streets the people pelt one another with fruits, sugar-plums, and confectionary. In other places are exhibited <b>dramatic</b> pieces, the subjects of which are taken from sacred history; or they amuse themselves with a national dance called the volero. Guns are fired in all directions, and every person of any ability entertains his friends......
dramatic	1830	Is the schoolmaster yet abroad ordained to shed a ray of light upon their benighted understandings concerning the meaning of the author, or make them sensible of the simple but important fact, that blank verse is not prose, and ought to be spoken differently? Here it is where our great <b>dramatic</b> poet principally suffers. The exuberant genius of Shakspeare could not stoop to petty calculations. It never entered into his thoughts what unimaginative pieces of mortality would, in after times, give utterance to the glorious poetry that is scattered indiscriminately over his pages. Small occasion had he to play the niggard, and carefully apportion out his sweet fancies and rare conceits to those who would be likely to give the most effect in the representation; and hence it is that the......
dramatic	1830	Now, that he was with Treadwell, he had a full gratification of the desire created by the few plays he had seen before he became a student of law; for his master gained him free admission to the pit and boxes, and thus led him to the study of the <b>dramatic</b> works of the French and English poets: of these he found that Mr. Treadwell's office contained an abundance. Among them was a complete old edition of Bell's British Theatre; all of which he greedily devoured; a dose sufficient to poison a regiment of Green-mountain boys! If such reading did not destroy all his moral and religious propensities, it was because his natural tendency to good --  his love of truth --  his ignorance of practical evil --  his habits --  and his abhorrence of ebriety, shielded him from the...
dramatic	1830	The next day he was more tranquil, and said, It is God's will-let us mention it no more. ' And from that day he would never pronounce her name. To the preceding extracts from Mr. Moore's last volume, might be added many others from Lord Byron's poems, indicating, with sufficient clearness, what were his religious opinions, and his hopes and fears with regard to a future state of existence. The sentiments uttered in his <b>dramatic</b> works may be considered rather as opinions and feelings, which the author deemed appropriate to his characters, than as being those which he entertained, himself. His enemies have, with great injustice, affected to consider them as his own. In Childe......
dramatic	1830	By Charles Rollin. With a Life of the Author, by James Bell. First complete American Edition. In 2 vols. 8vo. Embellished with nine Engravings, including three Maps. The Dramatic Works and Poems of William Shakspeare. With Notes, original and selected, and Introductory Remarks to each Play, by Samuel Weller Singer, F.S.A., and a Life of the Poet, by Charles Simmons, D.D. Complete in one volume, 8vo. With numerous Engravings. The <b>Dramatic</b> Works of William Shakspeare, with the Corrections and Illustrations of Dr. Johnson, G. Steevens, and others. Revised by Isaac Reed, Esq. In 6 vols. crown 8vo. With a Portrait and other Engravings. Prideaux's Connexions; or,......
dramatic	1830	50 a year for his own support. This, however, he would not accept, hut removed his son from Westminster, and was thrown upon the world again. Imagining that his son had a taste for the stage, though there is no evidence that he had ever displayed any talent for such a pursuit, he engaged a tutor for him in this profession. As might have been expected, he had no success. The son then turned author, and began to write <b>dramatic</b> pieces; - of five, which he composed, none were ever either acted or printed. After lingering in extreme poverty for two years,  the boy,  - as he continues to call himself through the work, --  began to he a schoolmaster. In the course of these two years......
dramatic	1830	' Such profane language as this, in the mouth of one of the best judges of the time, himself a poet and fond of the drama. may serve to console the admirers of Racine for the fall of Ph*dre, and the complete failure of Athalie. Such were the glories of the English school of poetry, in its best and brightest days, but they did not end here. The same period, which produced this brilliant constellation of <b>dramatic</b> poets, beheld the youth of one, whom a competent judge has declared to be not second ' to the best of them, and who has tried his powers in a line of poetry which critics commonly regard as superior to the drama. It does not belong to us to correct the decision of Gray,......
dramatic	1830	Malcom's Persia. 2 vols. 8vo. Mowbray on Poultry. 12mo. Murphy's Tacitus, complete in 1 vol. 8vo. Massinger's Plays, by Gifford. 4 vols. 8vo. Montague's Ornithological Dictionary of British Birds. 8vo. Montaigne's Essays. 3 vols. 8vo. Michaux's Sylva. 2 vols. 8vo. Machiavel's Works. 2 vols. 4to. Melntosh's Practical Gardener. 2 vols. 8vo. coloured plates. Macknight on the Epistles. 8vo. Marlowe's, Kit, <b>Dramatic</b> Works. 3 vols. 8vo. Maurice's Ancient History of Hindostan. 3 vols. 4to. Meadow's French and English Dictionary, on......
dramatic	1830	50 a year for his own support. This, however, he would not accept, hut removed his son from Westminster, and was thrown upon the world again. Imagining that his son had a taste for the stage, though there is no evidence that he had ever displayed any talent for such a pursuit, he engaged a tutor for him in this profession. As might have been expected, he had no success. The son then turned author, and began to write <b>dramatic</b> pieces; - of five, which he composed, none were ever either acted or printed. After lingering in extreme poverty for two years,  the boy,  - as he continues to call himself through the work, --  began to he a schoolmaster. In the course of these two years......
dramatic	1830	First complete American Edition. In 2 vols. 8vo. Embellished with nine Engravings, including three Maps. View of the State of Europe during the Middle Ages. By Henry Hallam. From the Sixth London Edition. Complete in one volume, 8vo. The <b>Dramatic</b> Works and Poems of William Shakspeare. With Notes, original and selected, and Introductory Remarks to each Play, by Samuel Weller Singer, F.S.A., and a Life of the Poet, by Charles Simmons, D.D. Complete in one volume, 8vo. With numerous Engravings. The Dramatic Works of William Shakspeare, with the Corrections and Illustrations of Dr. Johnson, G. Steevens, and others. Revised by Isaac Reed, Esq. In 6 vols. crown 8vo. With a Portrait and other Engravings. Prideaux's Connexions;...
dramatic	1830	Thus by the Federal Decree of 1835 the rights of authors are secured for a term of not less than ten nor more than twenty years throughout the Confederation; whilst by the Prussian law of seventeenth June, 1837, the property of an author in his works is secured during his natural life, and to his heirs for thirty years after his decease-so far as respects works published in Prussia, or in other foreign States securing a reciprozal privilege to Prussian authors. It also prohibits the theatrical exhibition of all <b>dramatic</b> works so long as they are not published by printing, without the consent of the author, or his heirs, until ten years after his decease; and does not forget to extend its protection to musical composition, and to prohibit the multiplication of sculpture by......
dramatic	1830	Now, that he was with Treadwell, he had a full gratification of the desire created by the few plays he had seen before he became a student of law; for his master gained him free admission to the pit and boxes, and thus led him to the study of the <b>dramatic</b> works of the French and English poets: of these he found that Mr. Treadwell's office contained an abundance. Among them was a complete old edition of Bell's British Theatre; all of which he greedily devoured; a dose sufficient to poison a regiment of Green-mountain boys! If such reading did not destroy all his moral and religious propensities, it was because his natural tendency to good --  his love of truth --  his ignorance of practical evil --  his habits --  and his abhorrence of ebriety, shielded him from the...
dramatic	1830	In a short time, I hope to be excused from entering the walls of the theatre, unless to see and hear some <b>dramatic</b> piece of my choice; for there are many that I have seen with delight, and many that I wish to see. But you don't intend to go on the stage as an actress? Certainly not. Thank God,  said the sick woman. Thank God,  echoed her husband. Emma looked at them with an air of surprise. There was an earnest expression in the tone of voice, and the faces of the old folks, that suggested to her...
dramatic	1830	The prodigality, with which these illustrious masters poured out their productions, was still more astonishing than their excellence; hut we now see, and must acknowledge with regret, that this circumstance greatly diminished their separate value. Tragedies and comedies, by scores and hundreds, --  epics by the dozen, were easy labor to the boundless fertility of Lope, whose <b>dramatic</b> pieces alone are reckoned by thousands. The enthusiasm of his contemporaries, which was thus kept alive, and constantly fired anew by fresh efforts, all displaying the highest talent, though all in a greater or less degree iml) erfect, could hardly find terms to express itself, and finally consecrated his name as the appropriate designation for every thing rare and precious. We now see, with some degree of pain and regret, that......
dramatic	1830	Parliamentary History and Review. 8vo. Parry's Three Voyages. 5 vols. 18mo plates. Paley's Works. 1 vol. 8vo. Paley's Evidences. 24mo. Paley's Theology. 24mo. Paley's Philosophy. 24mo. Pearson on the Creed. 8vo. Pestalozzi and his Plan of Education, by Dr. Biber. 8vo. Philips ' Speeches. 8vo. Pausanias ' Description of Greece. 3 vols. 8vo. Poet Scenic Grc. 8vo. Parkhurst's Greek Lexicon. 8vo. Parkhurst's Hebrew Lexicon. 8vo. Peele's <b>Dramatic</b> Works, with notes by Dyce. 2 vols. 8vo. Penn's, William, Select Works. 3 vols. 8vo. Petersdorff's Abridgment. 15 vols. 8vo. Porter on the Nature and Properties of the Sugar Cane. 8vo. Paris ' Life of Sir H. Davy. 2 vols. 8vo. Pinkerton's Voyages and Travels......
dramatic	1830	To which is prefixed, a Biographical Sketch of the Au thor. 12mo. With a Portrait. Directions for Invigorating and Prolonging Life; or, the Invalid's Oracle. By William Kitchiner, M.D. Improved by T. S. Barrett, M.D. 12mo. The Cook's Oracle and Housekeeper's Manual. Containing Receipts for Cookery, and Directions for Carving. With a Complete System of Cookery for Catholic Families. By William Kitchiner, M.D. 12mo. The Plays of Philip Massinger. In 3 vols. 18mo. With a Portrait. The <b>Dramatic</b> Works of John Ford. With Notes Critical and Explanatory. In 2 vols. 18mo. Wonderful Characters; Comprising Memoirs and Anecdotes of the......
dramatic	1830	What ideas could a Green-mountain boy form of a Moor --  a thick-lips --  a negro --  commanding an army of white men --  of Italians? It is the player, the skilful artist, that gives reality to the pictures of the <b>dramatic</b> poet. The young or uninstructed mind forms confused images while reading, in proportion to its ignorance. On Zeb's second visit to a play-house, the delight experienced from the proscenium and preliminaries, was not so vivid as at the first; but his impatience for the raising of the green curtain was full as intense. The music gave him little pleasure, and the beauties in the boxes had lost half their charms. The effect of this representation of one of Shakspeare's most glorious......
dramatic	1830	Vocal Anthology, or Flowers of Song. 2 vols. 4to. Ward's, H. G., Mexico. 2 vols. 8vo. plates. Windham's Speeches. 3 vols. 8vo. Wilson's, Rae, Travels in Norway, Sweden, &c.; 8vo. Watkins ' Scripture Biography. 12mo. Waldstein, or the Swedes in Prague. 2 vols. 12mo. Wright's Slavery at the Cape of Good Hope. 8vo. Walton and Cotton's Angler, plates. 32mo. Webster's <b>Dramatic</b> Works, edited by Dyce. 4 vols. small 8vo. Webster's Metrical Romances. 3 vols. 8vo. Weber's German and English Dictionary. 12mo. Webster's Travels through the Crimea, Turkey, and Egypt. 2 vols. 8vo. World in Miniature, containing a description of the Religion, Manners, Customs, &c.; of various Countries. 43 vols. 18mo. splendidly bound. Waddington's History of the Church. 8vo. Women as they Are, a novel, by Mrs Gore. Way of the World......
dramatic	1830	Who that has music in his soul has not, at a like season and hour, refreshed his heart with these early impressions? Nor are they entirely confined to an inviting melancholy mood and the hour of twilight. In the full vigour of physical and mental power, and when the spirits are bounding and elastic --  in the midst of <b>dramatic</b> representations or the wildest creations of Italian musical genius, these stores of memory's richest treasures will suddenly flood the soul, touched perhaps by the vibration of some kindred chord. Bacon's harassed mind was refreshed by the tender and softened mood into which he had fallen. Besides, he was now stimulated by the glimmering dawn of hope. When therefore darkness had completely covered the face of the land, he arose to go upon his mission, a different being. Although his own emotions on......
dramatic	1830	As soon as it is dark, the city is illuminated with numerous transparencies, |p3nramids  of lamps, and thousands of torches, which are carried in the streets. Collations, displaying the fruits of almost every season, and flowen which we enjoy in summer alone are presented to every visitor; and in the streets the people pelt one another with fruits, sugar-plums, and confectionary. In other places are exhibited <b>dramatic</b> pieces, the subjects of which are taken from sacred history; or they amuse themselves with a national dance called the volero. Guns are fired in all directions, and every person of any ability entertains his friends......
dramatic	1830	In 2 vols. 8vo. Embellished with nine Engravings, including three Maps. View of the State of Europe during the Middle Ages. By Henry Hallam. From the Sixth London Edition. Complete in one volume, 8vo. The Dramatic Works and Poems of William Shakspeare. With Notes, original and selected, and Introductory Remarks to each Play, by Samuel Weller Singer, F.S.A., and a Life of the Poet, by Charles Simmons, D.D. Complete in one volume, 8vo. With numerous Engravings. The <b>Dramatic</b> Works of William Shakspeare, with the Corrections and Illustrations of Dr. Johnson, G. Steevens, and others. Revised by Isaac Reed, Esq. In 6 vols. crown 8vo. With a Portrait and other Engravings. Prideaux's Connexions; or, the Old and New Testaments connected, in the History of the Jews and neighbouring Nations; from the Declension of the Kingdoms of Israel and Judah to......
dramatic	1830	Now, that he was with Treadwell, he had a full gratification of the desire created by the few plays he had seen before he became a student of law; for his master gained him free admission to the pit and boxes, and thus led him to the study of the <b>dramatic</b> works of the French and English poets: of these he found that Mr. Treadwell's office contained an abundance. Among them was a complete old edition of Bell's British Theatre; all of which he greedily devoured; a dose sufficient to poison a regiment of Green-mountain boys! If such reading did not destroy all his moral and religious propensities, it was because his natural tendency to good --  his love of truth --  his ignorance of practical evil --  his habits --  and his abhorrence of ebriety, shielded him from the...
dramatic	1830	In 2 vols. 8vo. Embellished with nine Engravings, mcluding three Maps. View of the State of Europe during the Middle Ages. By Henry Hallam. From the Sixth London Edition. Complete in one volume, 8vo. The Dramatic Works and Poems of William Shakspeare. With Notes, original and selected, and Introductory Re marks to each Play, by Samuel Weller Singer, F.S.A., and a Life of the Poet, by Charles Simmons, D.D. Complete in one volume, 8vo. With numerous Engravings. The <b>Dramatic</b> Works of William Shakspeare, with the Corrections and Illustrations of Dr. Johnson, G. Steevens, and others. Revised by Isaac Reed, Esq. In 6 vols. crown 8vo. With a Portrait and other Eugravings......
dramatic	1830	To which are added, Historical Odes on the Last Days of Elizabeth; Cromwell's Dream; the Death of Nelson. By the author of the  Lady of Lyons,   Eugene Aram,  &c.; 12mo. Cheveley; or, the Man of Honour. By Lady E. L. Bulwer. 2 vols. 12mo. The Cabinet Minister. By Mrs. Gore, Author of  Mothers and Daughters,   Hungarian Tales,  &c.; 2 vols. 12mo. The <b>Dramatic</b> Works of William Shakspeare, with the Corrections and Illustrations of Dr. Johnson, G. Steevens, and others. Revised by Isaac Reed, Esq. 6 vols crown 8vo. Portrait and other Engravings. Public and Private Economy. Illustrated by Observations made in England in 1836-7. By Theodore Sedgwick. 12mo. The Prince and the Pedler; or, the Siege of Bristol. By Mrs. Pickering, Author of  The Heiress,   Agnes Serle, ......
dramatic	1830	50 a year for his own support. This, however, he would not accept, hut removed his son from Westminster, and was thrown upon the world again. Imagining that his son had a taste for the stage, though there is no evidence that he had ever displayed any talent for such a pursuit, he engaged a tutor for him in this profession. As might have been expected, he had no success. The son then turned author, and began to write <b>dramatic</b> pieces; - of five, which he composed, none were ever either acted or printed. After lingering in extreme poverty for two years,  the boy,  - as he continues to call himself through the work, --  began to he a schoolmaster. In the course of these two years......
dramatic	1850	We literary men, then, would have found less sleepy reading. There is no reason why a young lady, who would sit up all night reading a novel, should not be made to sit up all night with a history. I ' ll venture to say there ' s no romance can come up to the gorgeousness and splendor, and the <b>dramatic</b> power, of things that really have happened. All that ' s wanting is to have it set before us with an air of reality. But, then,  said Nina,  you ' d have to make the history into a romance. Well, a good historical romance is generally truer than a dull history; because it gives some sort of conception of the truth; whereas, the dull history gives none. ......
dramatic	1860	Published by HARPER &; BROTHERS, New York. Sent by Mail to any CRAIK. These novels form a most admirable series of popular fiction. They are marked by their faithful delineation of character, their naturalness and purity of sentiment, the <b>dramatic</b> interest of their plots, their beauty and force of expression, and their elevated moral tone. No current novels can be more highly recommended for the family library, while their brilliancy and vivacity will make them welcome to every reader of cultivated taste. TWO MARRIAGES......
dramatic	1860	When Irving reached Madrid, the affairs of the kingdom had assumed a powerful <b>dramatic</b> interest, wanting in none of the romantic elements that characterize the whole history of the peninsula. The future career he writes of this gallant soldier, Espartero, whose merits and services have placed him at the head of the government, and the future fortunes of these isolated little......
dramatic	1860	He loved his own will, and he hated control, and he determined, per fas aut nefas, to carry his own plans in this world, and attend to the other when he got into it. To have his own way, and to carry his own points, and to do as he pleased, were the ruling purposes of his life. CHAPTER XXXIX. LAST DAYS IN CLOUDLAND. THE day was coming now that the idyl of Cloudland must end, and our last term wound up with a grand <b>dramatic</b> entertainment. It was a time-honored custom in New England academies to act a play once a year as the......
dramatic	1860	It was completed by Caesar, and its roof was gilded at an expense of $15,000,000. The pediment was adorned with statuary, and near it was a colossal statue of Jupiter. Sidenote: Theatre of Pompey. In the early ages of the republic there were no theatres at Rome, theatrical representations being regarded as demoralizing. The regular drama was the last development even of Grecian genius. The Roman aristocracy set their faces against <b>dramatic</b> entertainments till after the conquest of Greece. These plays were introduced and performed on temporary stages in the open air, or in wooden buildings. There was no grand theatre till Pompey erected one of stone, B.C. 55, in the Campus Martius, which was capable of holding eighty thousand spectators, and it had between its numerous pillars three thousand bronze statues. Footnote: Plin. H. N., xxxvi. 24. He also erected, behind his theatre......
dramatic	1860	He loved his own will, and he hated control, and he determined, per fas aut nefas, to carry his own plans in this world, and attend to the other when he got into it. To have his own way, and to carry his own points, and to do as he pleased, were the ruling purposes of his life. CHAPTER XXXIX. LAST DAYS IN CLOUDLAND. THE day was coming now that the idyl of Cloudland must end, and our last term wound up with a grand <b>dramatic</b> entertainment. It was a time-honored custom in New England academies to act a play once a year as the......
dramatic	1880	There is a real Volapuek for you --  a world language which all can understand, for it is onomatopoetic realism. Of course it is not  beautiful;  but is that a reasonable objection? What would you say to an artist who painted dramatic battle-scenes, but made all the soldiers ' faces as pretty as he could and adorned with sweet smiles? That is precisely what the Italian opera composers have done in stage music; and it is because Wagner taught the singer to express not only sweet sentiments but all <b>dramatic</b> emotions, whether harsh or agreeable, that his new style marks an epoch in the evolution of the art of singing. At the same time, even these harsher passages in Wagner's vocal music are not really ugly, that is, disagreeable to......
dramatic	1880	There is a real Volapuek for you --  a world language which all can understand, for it is onomatopoetic realism. Of course it is not  beautiful;  but is that a reasonable objection? What would you say to an artist who painted dramatic battle-scenes, but made all the soldiers ' faces as pretty as he could and adorned with sweet smiles? That is precisely what the Italian opera composers have done in stage music; and it is because Wagner taught the singer to express not only sweet sentiments but all <b>dramatic</b> emotions, whether harsh or agreeable, that his new style marks an epoch in the evolution of the art of singing. At the same time, even these harsher passages in Wagner's vocal music are not really ugly, that is, disagreeable to......
dramatic	1990	We could both announce it right here, together. ' ' That genial exchange underscored a vital issue about 1996. A Perot campaign would revive Bill Clinton's prospects while hurting Dole or any other Republican. Even as Perot maintains his tease, his advocacy group, United We Stand America, is seeking to form a new, center-right party. <P> Though still in gestation, the party would have the potential to produce independent candidacies for offices at all levels in many states. The new gambit is a <b>dramatic</b> reversal of strategy. Two years ago, Perot overruled a faction in his following that sought to develop a party. Some activists left in frustration. <P> This month, however, state directors of his U.W.S.A. --  hired and paid by the national headquarters in Dallas --  began......
dramatic	1990	(The Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem includes Grand Teton and Yellowstone national parks and all the national forests surrounding them. )  Faced with <b>dramatic</b> energy loss each fall, animals generally resort to one of three basic strategies: they may migrate, hibernate, or face the cold and snow headon. Those that leave for the south, such as white pelicans and most of the region's great blue herons, do so by about October. The great blues are gone for only a few months, some returning by February to look for nests. Other animals migrate to lower elevations. By November, great herds of elk --  often single-file processions led by an old...
dramatic	1990	The Clinton administration predicts the elderly would pay $ 900 a year more, on average, for health care. The level of Medicare and Medicaid cuts are breathtaking. . . a frontal attack on America's families,  said Gene Glover, head of the National Council of Senior Citizens. Although it is smaller than the health program for the elderly, Medicaid is targeted for even more <b>dramatic</b> reductions under the Domenici plan. Its growth, running over 10% a year, would be brought down to 4% --  and......
dramatic	1990	All later inquiry investigation into the matter is useless.36 When the Callao garrison surrendered in 1858 and Vivanco fled to Chile, Castilla turned his attention to the radical liberals.37 Meanwhile, as the constituent assembly debated guano contracts, national finance, and church-state relations, a military unit commanded by a colonel invaded the assembly and forced its closure. Military anger at congressional interference in promotions, support for Castilla, support for the church against abolition of tithes, and the generalized political strife all contributed to this <b>dramatic</b> termination of the constitutional......
dramatic	2000	At the low ebb of the artists reputation and in defiance of general taste, the painting was seized by the collectors who were certain they had the opportunity to acquire a major work. Another work that rewards this kind of searching, sensitive viewing is Meditation (Pl. XV), a wonderful pastel portrait by William Merritt Chase of his fiancee, Alice Gerson. To the superficial glance it can appear subdued and simple, and many collectors would probably prefer one of the artists more <b>dramatic</b> interiors or one with showier colors. But the viewer who spends time with the pastel will register the voluptuous and varied textures of several velvets, fur, and flesh, and the precisely tuned range of tonally close, muted colors. Concentrating in this way on the portraits subtleties......
dramatic	2000	All are taking a toll, although their relative roles vary among countries. In addition, farmers are seeing fewer new technologies to dramatically boost production. The highyielding varieties of wheat, rice, and corn that were developed a generation or so ago doubled and tripled yields, but there have not been any <b>dramatic</b> advances in the genetic yield potential of grains since then. Similarly, the use of fertilizer has now plateaued or even declined slightly in key food-producing countries. The rapid growth in irrig ation that characterized much of the last half century has also slowed. In leed, in some countries the irrigated area is shrinking. And now, two newer environ mental trends are slowing the grov th in world food production: falling ' vater tables and rising temperatures, The bottom line is that it is......
major	1820	The penalty for neglect was twenty shillings. In the same code, it is ordered, that every town, containing fifty householders, shall forthwith appoint one, within their town, to teach all such children as shall resort to him, to write and read, whose wages shall be paid either by the parents or masters of such children, or by the inhabitants in general, as the <b>major</b> part of those who order the prudentials of......
major	1820	They had travelled,  they said,  two days, since they gathered the cattle. But of the distance they had yet before them, they were perfectly ignorant. We asked them how far they lived from New-Orleans, but these swarthy sons of Adam, stared at us with awkward stupidity. Captain T. invited them to stay and spend the night with us, to which some of them appeared to assent. But the <b>major</b> part seemed to refuse, alleging they must stay by the cattle. One of them, who seemed to be of some consequence among his fellows, asked  where we were going? Jones replied,  to England......
major	1820	A great part of Prometheus, I do not scruple to say, is not only as good as the <b>major</b> part of Childe Harold, but so like it, that I should have pronounced it to be Byron's without hesitation. Mr. Percival, it is true, can walk like Byron --  on his midway journeying; --  but he can not go up aloft, like him, and steady himself among the clouds: --  nor does he ever grovel so brutally......
major	1820	A great part of Prometheus, I do not scruple to say, is not only as good as the <b>major</b> part of Childe Harold, but so like it, that I should have pronounced it to be Byron's without hesitation. Mr. Percival, it is true, can walk like Byron --  on his midway journeying; --  but he can not go up aloft, like him, and steady himself among the clouds: --  nor does he ever grovel so brutally......
major	1820	They had travelled,  they said,  two days, since they gathered the cattle. But of the distance they had yet before them, they were perfectly ignorant. We asked them how far they lived from New-Orleans, but these swarthy sons of Adam, stared at us with awkward stupidity. Captain T. invited them to stay and spend the night with us, to which some of them appeared to assent. But the <b>major</b> part seemed to refuse, alleging they must stay by the cattle. One of them, who seemed to be of some consequence among his fellows, asked  where we were going? Jones replied,  to England......
major	1820	The penalty for neglect was twenty shillings. In the same code, it is ordered, that every town, containing fifty householders, shall forthwith appoint one, within their town, to teach all such children as shall resort to him, to write and read, whose wages shall be paid either by the parents or masters of such children, or by the inhabitants in general, as the <b>major</b> part of those who order the prudentials of......
major	1820	They had travelled,  they said,  two days, since they gathered the cattle. But of the distance they had yet before them, they were perfectly ignorant. We asked them how far they lived from New-Orleans, but these swarthy sons of Adam, stared at us with awkward stupidity. Captain T. invited them to stay and spend the night with us, to which some of them appeared to assent. But the <b>major</b> part seemed to refuse, alleging they must stay by the cattle. One of them, who seemed to be of some consequence among his fellows, asked  where we were going? Jones replied,  to England......
major	1820	A great part of Prometheus, I do not scruple to say, is not only as good as the <b>major</b> part of Childe Harold, but so like it, that I should have pronounced it to be Byron's without hesitation. Mr. Percival, it is true, can walk like Byron --  on his midway journeying; --  but he can not go up aloft, like him, and steady himself among the clouds: --  nor does he ever grovel so brutally......
major	1830	Howsoever, we are goin on makin things more simple every day, and we once and a while nock off a pretty considerable number of cogg wheels and trunnel heads. The Gineral says he likes things simple as a mouse trap. But what I like most is, he wont have no one about him who outranks me, so there is me and Major Barry, and Major Smith, and Major Earl, and Major Donaldson, and Major Lewis, and Major Eaton; --  and the <b>major</b> part of a purty considerable of a man to do the rinting and tell the folks where we be, and once and a while where the land sales and contracts be too. There is a enuff on us to do all that's wanted. Every day jest after breakfast, the Gineral lights his pipe, and begins to think purty hard, and I and Major Donaldson begin to open letters for him; and there is more than three bushels every day, and all......
major	1830	But, for the possible case of failure of both Governor and Lieutenant Governor, the provision had been introduced, of which advantage was now taken. In a situation, assumed by necessity, claiming to act only pursuant to a Charter, designed for essentially different parposes, our fathers experienced difficulties and embarrassments. Seven members were a quorum by Charter, if the Governor, or, in the absence of the Governor, the Lieutenant Governor, were present; but the <b>major</b> part was necessary to execute any such ant, matter, or thing, as the Governor, or, in his absence the Lieutenant Governor could. Of course......
major	1830	Howsoever, we are goin on makin things more simple every day, and we once and a while nock off a pretty considerable number of cogg wheels and trunnel heads. The Gineral says he likes things simple as a mouse trap. But what I like most is, he wont have no one about him who outranks me, so there is me, and Major Barry, and Major Smith, and Major Earl, and Major Donaldson, and Major Lewis, and Major Eaton; --  and the <b>major</b> part of a pretty considerable of a man to do the printing, and tell the folks where we be, and once and a while where the land sales and contracts be too. There is enuff on us to do all that's wanted. Every day jest ater breakfast, the Gineral lights his pipe, and begins......
major	1830	X. There shall be a meeting of the Partners on the second Tuesday in June annually; and at the end of five years at that meeting, there shall be a Dividend made of so much of the profits as shall be agreed on by a major part of the Directors, concurring with a <b>major</b> part of the partners then present; and from that time there shall be a Dividend at every annual meeting; Provided always, that in all such Dividends care shall be taken that there still remain in the Stock double the Principal paid in from time to time as aforesaid. XL It shall be in the power of any partner to redeem the estate......
major	1830	1740. VII. All Mortgages and Bonds shall be made to the Directors for the use of the Company, except what is given by any Director, which shall be made to the rest of the Directors; and all mortgages shall be put upon publick Record, to prevent clandestine conveyances; the charge of recording to be paid by the Mortgager; and every partner shall be obliged on demand of the directors, or the <b>major</b> part of them, to give such better security as they shall think needful, in case their security already given be by them esteemed insufficient, and if any of them refuse so to do, his Mortgage shall be sued out, and he shall no longer be partner. VIII. To oblige all partners to pay their Interest and Dividend of the principal punctually, whoever neglects paying above 3 months after it is due, his mortgage shall be put in Suit......
major	1830	If any instruction is to be administered, it must be as pills are to children --  smothered in sweetmeats. The grand secret of composition now-a-days (except among the highest,) is to be flippant, fantastical, and unfeeling, together with the judicious use of notes of exclamation and interrogation, and a copious admixture of dashes and asterisks. But this is foreign to the matter in hand. I have been a wanderer for the <b>major</b> part of my sinful life in different parts of the globe, and among other places have frequently wandered up and down Broadway, a street situated on a small island between the East and North rivers in the state of New-York, and which the inhabitants of the said small island boast of as being the finest promenade in the United States, much to the discomfort of the mild and equable citizens of the neighboring city of......
major	1830	3 91. In respect to religious concerns, their laws provided that all persons should attend public worship, and that the towns should support and pay the ministers of religion. And at first the choice of the minister was confided to the <b>major</b> part of the householders of the town; the church, as......
major	1830	X. There shall be a meeting of the Partners on the second Tuesday in June annually; and at the end of five years at that meeting, there shall be a Dividend made of so much of the profits as shall be agreed on by a <b>major</b> part of the Directors, concurring with a major part of the partners then present; and from that time there shall be a Dividend at every annual meeting; Provided always, that in all such Dividends care shall be taken that there still remain in the Stock double the Principal paid in from time to time as aforesaid. XL It shall be in the power of any partner to redeem the estate......
major	1830	If any instruction is to be administered, it must be as pills are to children --  smothered in sweetmeats. The grand secret of composition now-a-days (except among the highest,) is to be flippant, fantastical, and unfeeling, together with the judicious use of notes of exclamation and interrogation, and a copious admixture of dashes and asterisks. But this is foreign to the matter in hand. I have been a wanderer for the <b>major</b> part of my sinful life in different parts of the globe, and among other places have frequently wandered up and down Broadway, a street situated on a small island between the East and North rivers in the state of New-York, and which the inhabitants of the said small island boast of as being the finest promenade in the United States, much to the discomfort of the mild and equable citizens of the neighboring city of......
major	1830	As the European soldiers were not so well qualified to explore the forests, Capt. West w: as appointed, with his company of American sharp-shooters to assist in the execution of this duty, and a party of Indian warriors were requested to conduct him to the places where the bones of the slain were likely to be found. In this solemn and affecting duty, several officers belonging to the British regiment accompanied the detachment, and with them <b>major</b> sir Peter Halket, who had lost his father and brother in the fatal destruction of the army. It might have been thought a hopeless task that he should have been able to select their remains from the common relics of the other soldiers; but he was induced to think......
major	1830	But, for the possible case of failure of both Governor and Lieutenant Governor, the provision had been introduced, of which advantage was now taken. In a situation, assumed by necessity, claiming to act only pursuant to a Charter, designed for essentially different parposes, our fathers experienced difficulties and embarrassments. Seven members were a quorum by Charter, if the Governor, or, in the absence of the Governor, the Lieutenant Governor, were present; but the <b>major</b> part was necessary to execute any such ant, matter, or thing, as the Governor, or, in his absence the Lieutenant Governor could. Of course......
major	1830	1740. VII. All Mortgages and Bonds shall be made to the Directors for the use of the Company, except what is given by any Director, which shall be made to the rest of the Directors; and all mortgages shall be put upon publick Record, to prevent clandestine conveyances; the charge of recording to be paid by the Mortgager; and every partner shall be obliged on demand of the directors, or the <b>major</b> part of them, to give such better security as they shall think needful, in case their security already given be by them esteemed insufficient, and if any of them refuse so to do, his Mortgage shall be sued out, and he shall no longer be partner. VIII. To oblige all partners to pay their Interest and Dividend of the principal punctually, whoever neglects paying above 3 months after it is due, his mortgage shall be put in Suit......
major	1830	46. Undertake not what you can not perform, but be careful to keep your promise. 47. When you deliver a matter do it without passion, and with discretion, however near the person be, you do it to. 48. When your superiors talk to any body, hearken not, neither speak, nor laugh. 49. In disputes he not so desirous to overcome, as not to give liberty to each one to deliver his opinion, and submit to the judgment of the <b>major</b> part, especially......
major	1830	Howsoever, we are goin on makin things more simple every day, and we once and a while nock off a pretty considerable number of cogg wheels and trunnel heads. The Gineral says he likes things simple as a mouse trap. But what I like most is, he wont have no one about him who outranks me, so there is me, and Major Barry, and Major Smith, and Major Earl, and Major Donaldson, and Major Lewis, and Major Eaton; --  and the <b>major</b> part of a pretty considerable of a man to do the printing, and tell the folks where we be, and once and a while where the land sales and contracts be too. There is enuff on us to do all that's wanted. Every day jest ater breakfast, the Gineral lights his pipe, and begins......
major	1830	The appraisers to be under oath. . VI. No person shall be capable of being a Director or Treasurer, who signs less than five hundred pounds, and if any Director or Treasurer die, or is removed, the vacancy shall be filled at the next meeting of the Company by a major Vote of the partners present; and if any of them be found guilty of Fraud in the execution of his office, a <b>major</b> part......
major	1830	But, for the possible case of failure of both Governor and Lieutenant Governor, the provision had been introduced, of which advantage was now taken. In a situation, assumed by necessity, claiming to act only pursuant to a Charter, designed for essentially different parposes, our fathers experienced difficulties and embarrassments. Seven members were a quorum by Charter, if the Governor, or, in the absence of the Governor, the Lieutenant Governor, were present; but the <b>major</b> part was necessary to execute any such ant, matter, or thing, as the Governor, or, in his absence the Lieutenant Governor could. Of course......
major	1830	If any instruction is to be administered, it must be as pills are to children --  smothered in sweetmeats. The grand secret of composition now-a-days (except among the highest,) is to be flippant, fantastical, and unfeeling, together with the judicious use of notes of exclamation and interrogation, and a copious admixture of dashes and asterisks. But this is foreign to the matter in hand. I have been a wanderer for the <b>major</b> part of my sinful life in different parts of the globe, and among other places have frequently wandered up and down Broadway, a street situated on a small island between the East and North rivers in the state of New-York, and which the inhabitants of the said small island boast of as being the finest promenade in the United States, much to the discomfort of the mild and equable citizens of the neighboring city of......
major	1830	X. There shall be a meeting of the Partners on the second Tuesday in June annually; and at the end of five years at that meeting, there shall be a Dividend made of so much of the profits as shall be agreed on by a <b>major</b> part of the Directors, concurring with a major part of the partners then present; and from that time there shall be a Dividend at every annual meeting; Provided always, that in all such Dividends care shall be taken that there still remain in the Stock double the Principal paid in from time to time as aforesaid. XL It shall be in the power of any partner to redeem the estate......
major	1830	As the European soldiers were not so well qualified to explore the forests, Capt. West w: as appointed, with his company of American sharp-shooters to assist in the execution of this duty, and a party of Indian warriors were requested to conduct him to the places where the bones of the slain were likely to be found. In this solemn and affecting duty, several officers belonging to the British regiment accompanied the detachment, and with them <b>major</b> sir Peter Halket, who had lost his father and brother in the fatal destruction of the army. It might have been thought a hopeless task that he should have been able to select their remains from the common relics of the other soldiers; but he was induced to think......
major	1830	3 91. In respect to religious concerns, their laws provided that all persons should attend public worship, and that the towns should support and pay the ministers of religion. And at first the choice of the minister was confided to the <b>major</b> part of the householders of the town; the church, as......
major	1830	46. Undertake not what you can not perform, but be careful to keep your promise. 47. When you deliver a matter do it without passion, and with discretion, however near the person be, you do it to. 48. When your superiors talk to any body, hearken not, neither speak, nor laugh. 49. In disputes he not so desirous to overcome, as not to give liberty to each one to deliver his opinion, and submit to the judgment of the <b>major</b> part, especially......
major	1830	Howsoever, we are goin on makin things more simple every day, and we once and a while nock off a pretty considerable number of cogg wheels and trunnel heads. The Gineral says he likes things simple as a mouse trap. But what I like most is, he wont have no one about him who outranks me, so there is me, and Major Barry, and Major Smith, and Major Earl, and Major Donaldson, and Major Lewis, and Major Eaton; --  and the <b>major</b> part of a pretty considerable of a man to do the printing, and tell the folks where we be, and once and a while where the land sales and contracts be too. There is enuff on us to do all that's wanted. Every day jest ater breakfast, the Gineral lights his pipe, and begins......
major	1840	This company declared, in 1641 -2, that their government was  a democracie, or popular government,  and that the power to make laws, and depute ministers to execute them, was  in the body of freemen, orderly assembled, or a <b>major</b> part of them. They admitted to the elective franchise from time to time such other persons as came to join them, and  upon orderly presentation were found meet for the service of the body, and no just exception against......
major	1840	Our firemen, while at breakfast, had suffered the steam to escape faster than it was generated, and now the captain was almost furious in his orders to throw in wood and rosin. However, it required time to produce the desired effect; and in the meantime the Ark ran up gracefully (oh, very gracefully! ) along side of us. She also had been making pretty violent efforts to diminish the distance between us, and had consumed the <b>major</b> part of her steam. But when......
major	1840	I do not wish the people all to do as we do, only I do wish to see them Beautiful, True, Happy, Christian. The town is eight miles long by six broad; it contains two hundred farms, three stores, two taverns, one Church, six school-houses, three or four joiners ' shops, a tannery, fulling-mill, grist-mill, blacksmith shops, &c.,; no distillery, no jail. A right spirit prevails with the <b>major</b> part of the inhabitants; that is our identity. Each one eats his own meals, maintains his own family, follows his own calling, thinks his own......
major	1840	If the Lieutenant Governor die, or be impeached, while acting as Governor, who shall then act as Governor? The President of the Senate. In the militia, how are the company officers chosen? By the written votes of the members of the company. How are the field officers of regiments and separate battalions chosen? By the written votes of the commissioned officers of the companies forming the regiment or battalion. How are brigadier generals chosen? By the field officers of their respective brigades. How are the <b>major</b> generals appointed? By the Governor. From whom do the commissioned officers receive their commission? The Governor. How can they be removed from office? By the Senate, on the recommendation of the......
major	1840	Dark frowns and muttered oaths came from the group, as they silently passed around the document. And how shall it be stayed? was the question of one who sat at the right of the first speaker. Ay, how? was the question that was echoed from one to the other The door flew open, and a tall form, enveloped in a mantle, entered. A whisper ran around the room,  ' t is the <b>major</b> general. How, but by the death of the tyrant? the hour and the instrument are at hand. What mean you,......
major	1840	A great majority of them, therefore, were freeholders, or belonged to families the heads of which were freeholders. The right of suffrage seemed to be in the proper hands, when it was vested in the owners of the soil and the heads of the families that formed the <b>major</b> part of the population. But during the second period, some remarkable changes took place in the character of the population, and corresponding alterations in the fundamental laws at last appeared inevitable. Manufactures were introduced, and the inhabitants of some towns, which enjoyed facilities for this branch of industry, increased with astonishing rapidity. A division of interests was created between the different portions of the State by this variety of employment, and the more populous towns, the growth of which had been fostered by the new direction of labor...
major	1840	On others, the heavenly guidance was sought by conjoint supplications in the house of God. In the end it was agreed-  that part of the church should go before their brethren into America, to prepare for the rest. And if in case the major part of the church should choose to go over with the first, then the pastor should go along with them; but if the <b>major</b> part stayed, that he should then stay with them. Our own age is not likely to appreciate the spirit which prompted to this movement in the age of which we are writing. Our philosophy, in connexions of this sort, vain as we sometimes are of it, is, for the most part, a very superficial affair. Our greatest pretenders to sagacity in this shape, judge too much of other times by their own, and of other men by themselves. The theology of the Congregationalists in Leyden...
major	1840	Field-works were thrown up on two sides of the summit, with wide spaces for the cannon, of which there were seven pieces. The first accounts were, that seven or eight hundred men had come together, that many others were on their way to join them, and that they were all well supplied with arms and ammunition. To the <b>major</b> part of the people of Rhode Island, weary of repeated alarms and reports of treasonable machinations, this information of the renewal of the contest brought rather a feeling of relief than of terror or discouragement. Now that the insurrection had come to......
major	1840	Andre. Major John Andre Name it, sir. Arnold. Gen. Benedict Arnold One hundred thousand pounds sterling, in five quarterly payments, one quarter in hand, and the rank of <b>major</b> general in the British army. Andre. Major John Andre Your services should be great to merit this, sir. Arnold. Gen. Benedict Arnold Let us weigh one against the other, and see which will kick the beam. Here (displays a map) is a plan of the works at West Point. You will perceive, on inspecting it, that besides the principal fort, there are three lines of fortifications between the river and the summit of the innermost range of highlands, composed of upwards of forty redoubts...
major	1840	A number of minors, paupers, convicts, individuals not paying taxes, or persons otherwise disqualified by the constitution, may not come together to usurp the privileges and functions of these electors, and because they constitute the <b>major</b> part of the aggregate thus irregularly formed, proceed to exercise all the powers of the primitive body, and to make their acts obligatory upon the whole State. To do this is not only to violate the particular constitution established in that State, but to pull down the whole fabric of society and government. If they attempt it, their acts are not binding upon a single person, out of their own number, in the whole community. Members of the reputed minority, - nay, even......
major	1840	The numbers were 8,689 to 8,013. At least one thousand freeholders voted against it, for the reason we have just stated, and this number, being deducted from the larger vote, reduces it to a minority; and thus it is conclusively shown, even without reckoning the freemen who stayed away from the polls on the same grounds which induced many of their fellows to cast a negative vote, that the <b>major</b> part of......
major	1840	Our firemen, while at breakfast, had suffered the steam to escape faster than it was generated, and now the captain was almost furious in his orders to throw in wood and rosin. However, it required time to produce the desired effect; and in the meantime the Ark ran up gracefully (oh, very gracefully! ) along side of us. She also had been making pretty violent efforts to diminish the distance between us, and had consumed the <b>major</b> part of her steam. But when......
major	1840	On others, the heavenly guidance was sought by conjoint supplications in the house of God. In the end it was agreed-  that part of the church should go before their brethren into America, to prepare for the rest. And if in case the <b>major</b> part of the church should choose to go over with the first, then the pastor should go along with them; but if the major part stayed, that he should then stay with them. Our own age is not likely to appreciate the spirit which prompted to this movement in the age of which we are writing. Our philosophy, in connexions of this sort, vain as we sometimes are of it, is, for the most part, a very superficial affair. Our greatest pretenders to sagacity in this...
major	1840	I do not wish the people all to do as we do, only I do wish to see them Beautiful, True, Happy, Christian. The town is eight miles long by six broad; it contains two hundred farms, three stores, two taverns, one Church, six school-houses, three or four joiners ' shops, a tannery, fulling-mill, grist-mill, blacksmith shops, &c.,; no distillery, no jail. A right spirit prevails with the <b>major</b> part of the inhabitants; that is our identity. Each one eats his own meals, maintains his own family, follows his own calling, thinks his own......
major	1840	Andre. Major John Andre Name it, sir. Arnold. Gen. Benedict Arnold One hundred thousand pounds sterling, in five quarterly payments, one quarter in hand, and the rank of <b>major</b> general in the British army. Andre. Major John Andre Your services should be great to merit this, sir. Arnold. Gen. Benedict Arnold Let us weigh one against the other, and see which will kick the beam. Here (displays a map) is a plan of the works at West Point. You will perceive, on inspecting it, that besides the principal fort, there are three lines of fortifications between the river and the summit of the innermost range of highlands, composed of upwards of forty redoubts...
major	1840	Field-works were thrown up on two sides of the summit, with wide spaces for the cannon, of which there were seven pieces. The first accounts were, that seven or eight hundred men had come together, that many others were on their way to join them, and that they were all well supplied with arms and ammunition. To the <b>major</b> part of the people of Rhode Island, weary of repeated alarms and reports of treasonable machinations, this information of the renewal of the contest brought rather a feeling of relief than of terror or discouragement. Now that the insurrection had come to......
major	1840	At from two to three hundred yards from the river, a swamp extends nearly parallel to it, the intermediate ground being dry. This position of the enemy, with his flank protected on the left by the river and on the right by the swamp, filled with Indians, being such as to prevent the wings from being turned, general Harrison made arrangements to concentrate his forces against the British line. The first division, under <b>major</b> general Henry, was formed in three lines at one hundred yards from each other; the front line consisting of Trotter's brigade, the second of Chiles ', and the reserve of King's brigade. ......
major	1840	This company declared, in 1641 -2, that their government was  a democracie, or popular government,  and that the power to make laws, and depute ministers to execute them, was  in the body of freemen, orderly assembled, or a <b>major</b> part of them. They admitted to the elective franchise from time to time such other persons as came to join them, and  upon orderly presentation were found meet for the service of the body, and no just exception against......
major	1840	Dark frowns and muttered oaths came from the group, as they silently passed around the document. And how shall it be stayed? was the question of one who sat at the right of the first speaker. Ay, how? was the question that was echoed from one to the other The door flew open, and a tall form, enveloped in a mantle, entered. A whisper ran around the room,  ' t is the <b>major</b> general. How, but by the death of the tyrant? the hour and the instrument are at hand. What mean you,......
major	1840	If the Lieutenant Governor die, or be impeached, while acting as Governor, who shall then act as Governor? The President of the Senate. In the militia, how are the company officers chosen? By the written votes of the members of the company. How are the field officers of regiments and separate battalions chosen? By the written votes of the commissioned officers of the companies forming the regiment or battalion. How are brigadier generals chosen? By the field officers of their respective brigades. How are the <b>major</b> generals appointed? By the Governor. From whom do the commissioned officers receive their commission? The Governor. How can they be removed from office? By the Senate, on the recommendation of the......
major	1840	Ask ye that? Speak! who will volunteer in his country's cause. Who will strike the tyrant? There was no answer then, for the boldest would not have dared to attack the life of one girt by the shield of the people. Do ye fear? Well, I will myself. Nay, nay, it were too perilons,  cried an officer, who had fought foremost in the battle, by the side of Bolivar. The <b>major</b> general strode to the door;  Senor Americanos. Richard Martin entered. Here is the instrument, one who hates tyrants, and will serve the republic. Speak,......
major	1840	Ask ye that? Speak! who will volunteer in his country's cause. Who will strike the tyrant? There was no answer then, for the boldest would not have dared to attack the life of one girt by the shield of the people. Do ye fear? Well, I will myself. Nay, nay, it were too perilons,  cried an officer, who had fought foremost in the battle, by the side of Bolivar. The <b>major</b> general strode to the door;  Senor Americanos. Richard Martin entered. Here is the instrument, one who hates tyrants, and will serve the republic. Speak,......
major	1840	On others, the heavenly guidance was sought by conjoint supplications in the house of God. In the end it was agreed-  that part of the church should go before their brethren into America, to prepare for the rest. And if in case the <b>major</b> part of the church should choose to go over with the first, then the pastor should go along with them; but if the major part stayed, that he should then stay with them. Our own age is not likely to appreciate the spirit which prompted to this movement in the age of which we are writing. Our philosophy, in connexions of this sort, vain as we sometimes are of it, is, for the most part, a very superficial affair. Our greatest pretenders to sagacity in this...
major	1840	This company declared, in 1641 -2, that their government was  a democracie, or popular government,  and that the power to make laws, and depute ministers to execute them, was  in the body of freemen, orderly assembled, or a <b>major</b> part of them. They admitted to the elective franchise from time to time such other persons as came to join them, and  upon orderly presentation were found meet for the service of the body, and no just exception against......
major	1840	If the Lieutenant Governor die, or be impeached, while acting as Governor, who shall then act as Governor? The President of the Senate. In the militia, how are the company officers chosen? By the written votes of the members of the company. How are the field officers of regiments and separate battalions chosen? By the written votes of the commissioned officers of the companies forming the regiment or battalion. How are brigadier generals chosen? By the field officers of their respective brigades. How are the <b>major</b> generals appointed? By the Governor. From whom do the commissioned officers receive their commission? The Governor. How can they be removed from office? By the Senate, on the recommendation of the......
major	1840	Andre. Major John Andre Name it, sir. Arnold. Gen. Benedict Arnold One hundred thousand pounds sterling, in five quarterly payments, one quarter in hand, and the rank of <b>major</b> general in the British army. Andre. Major John Andre Your services should be great to merit this, sir. Arnold. Gen. Benedict Arnold Let us weigh one against the other, and see which will kick the beam. Here (displays a map) is a plan of the works at West Point. You will perceive, on inspecting it, that besides the principal fort, there are three lines of fortifications between the river and the summit of the innermost range of highlands, composed of upwards of forty redoubts...
major	1840	The numbers were 8,689 to 8,013. At least one thousand freeholders voted against it, for the reason we have just stated, and this number, being deducted from the larger vote, reduces it to a minority; and thus it is conclusively shown, even without reckoning the freemen who stayed away from the polls on the same grounds which induced many of their fellows to cast a negative vote, that the <b>major</b> part of......
major	1840	With respect to the arrears already iocurred, the latter proposed to remedy them, by arommodating the expenses to the revenue, instead of the revenue to th --  expenses and as objects of reform, he proposed to abolish the bastile, and all the state-prisons throughout the nation (the keeping of which was attended with great expense) and to supprfss letires de cachet; but those matters were not then much attended to; and with respect to lettres de cachet a <b>major</b> iiy of the nobles appeared to be in favor of them. On the subject of supplying the treasury by new taxes, the assembly declined taking the......
major	1840	A great majority of them, therefore, were freeholders, or belonged to families the heads of which were freeholders. The right of suffrage seemed to be in the proper hands, when it was vested in the owners of the soil and the heads of the families that formed the <b>major</b> part of the population. But during the second period, some remarkable changes took place in the character of the population, and corresponding alterations in the fundamental laws at last appeared inevitable. Manufactures were introduced, and the inhabitants of some towns, which enjoyed facilities for this branch of industry, increased with astonishing rapidity. A division of interests was created between the different portions of the State by this variety of employment, and the more populous towns, the growth of which had been fostered by the new direction of labor...
major	1840	Our firemen, while at breakfast, had suffered the steam to escape faster than it was generated, and now the captain was almost furious in his orders to throw in wood and rosin. However, it required time to produce the desired effect; and in the meantime the Ark ran up gracefully (oh, very gracefully! ) along side of us. She also had been making pretty violent efforts to diminish the distance between us, and had consumed the <b>major</b> part of her steam. But when......
major	1840	I do not wish the people all to do as we do, only I do wish to see them Beautiful, True, Happy, Christian. The town is eight miles long by six broad; it contains two hundred farms, three stores, two taverns, one Church, six school-houses, three or four joiners ' shops, a tannery, fulling-mill, grist-mill, blacksmith shops, &c.,; no distillery, no jail. A right spirit prevails with the <b>major</b> part of the inhabitants; that is our identity. Each one eats his own meals, maintains his own family, follows his own calling, thinks his own......
major	1840	At from two to three hundred yards from the river, a swamp extends nearly parallel to it, the intermediate ground being dry. This position of the enemy, with his flank protected on the left by the river and on the right by the swamp, filled with Indians, being such as to prevent the wings from being turned, general Harrison made arrangements to concentrate his forces against the British line. The first division, under <b>major</b> general Henry, was formed in three lines at one hundred yards from each other; the front line consisting of Trotter's brigade, the second of Chiles ', and the reserve of King's brigade. ......
major	1850	You have killed the goose that laid the golden egg, and there is no one but yourself to thank for this folly. You must help me, Mr. Grind,  said Martin, his brows knitting, and the muscles of his lips growing rigid. You had a hand in that business as well as Jasper; you took a big slice, if he did keep the <b>major</b> part of the loaf; and so I......
major	1850	Now we say that this theory, which is clearly opposed to the doctrine of natural rights, is equally opposed to the spirit of Christianity. That a religion which aims at elevating all men above the vices of heathenism, which enlarges the sphere of thought, which has been the pioneer of civilization, which produces, as we have seen, a deep sentiment of brotherhood through a society where it reigus, --  that such a religion can look with favor on a plan for keeping a large, in fact a <b>major</b> part of a nation in hopeless degradation, no sane unprejudiced man, who has a glimmering of Christian feeling or knowledge, can believe. Then, as to the alleged advantages of such a plan, --  which might commend it, were it true, to such Christians as approve of doing evil that good may come, --  they have no existence in point of fact. In proof of this, we will not dwell on what our own eyes might see without......
major	1850	us (the major part of us, or the <b>major</b> part of those for the time being then surviving of us,) required to give them up. On the decease of the younger President Edwards, the manuscripts and papers thus alluded to, passed into the possession of his......
major	1850	For civil employments, political learning and experience are required; and for military posts, skill, sagacity, and courage. It may be said that our whole colonial life was a preparatory school for the revolutionary contest; and, therefore, the <b>major</b> part of the enterprise, ambition, and patriotism, of the country, was given to the training, studies, ' and pursuits, calculated to fit men for so stern a struggle. But now that other avenues are inviting in themselves, and promise political preferment, we are liable to the criticism......
major	1850	The academical year with us comprises about forty weeks, or is twice as long as in England; and during the whole of this period, the students are required to attend lectures and  recitations,  on an average, for at least three hours a day; and the time which must be given to make even a tolerable preparation for these exercises, and which actually is given by the <b>major</b> part of the students, amounts to at least three hours more. The ambitious students, who compete with each other for such  honors  as the College has to bestow, - no immediate pecuniary rewards, however, stimulating their exertions, - number......
major	1850	Breakfast done, --  and, from the jokes and merriment, it has been a good one, --  there is a general pulling on of warm clothing, and the <b>major</b> part of the officers and men go on deck. A few remain, to clean and clear up, arrange for the dinner, and remove any damp or ice that may have formed in holes or corners during the sleeping hours. This done, a muster of all hands, called  divisions,  took place. Officers inspected the men, and every part of the ship, to see both were clean, and then they dispersed to their several duties, which at this severe season were very light;......
major	1850	Bergs here and there strewed its surface; but the <b>major</b> part of them formed what is called a  reef,  in the neighbourhood of Devil's Thumb, denoting either a bank or shoal water in that direction. Headnote: NARWHALES. A powerful sunlight obliged spectacles of every shade, size, and description to be brought into use; and, as we walked about from ship to ship, a great deal of joking and facetiousness arose out of the droll appearance of some individuals, --  utility, and not beauty, was, however, generally voted the great essential...
major	1850	You have killed the goose that laid the golden egg, and there is no one but yourself to thank for this folly. You must help me, Mr. Grind,  said Martin, his brows knitting, and the muscles of his lips growing rigid. You had a hand in that business as well as Jasper; you took a big slice, if he did keep the <b>major</b> part of the loaf; and so I......
major	1850	For civil employments, political learning and experience are required; and for military posts, skill, sagacity, and courage. It may be said that our whole colonial life was a preparatory school for the revolutionary contest; and, therefore, the <b>major</b> part of the enterprise, ambition, and patriotism, of the country, was given to the training, studies, ' and pursuits, calculated to fit men for so stern a struggle. But now that other avenues are inviting in themselves, and promise political preferment, we are liable to the criticism......
major	1850	This will be rendered more intelligible by an example. We have in the mountain districts of Scotland, England and Wales, a considerable flora and a portion of our fauna, which can not be traced to the. migration of animals and plants over the great Germanic plain, which accounts for the <b>major</b> part of our British species, seeing that......
major	1850	Breakfast done, --  and, from the jokes and merriment, it has been a good one, --  there is a general pulling on of warm clothing, and the <b>major</b> part of the officers and men go on deck. A few remain, to clean and clear up, arrange for the dinner, and remove any damp or ice that may have formed in holes or corners during the sleeping hours. This done, a muster of all hands, called  divisions,  took place. Officers inspected the men, and every part of the ship, to see both were clean, and then they dispersed to their several duties, which at this severe season were very light;......
major	1850	Now we say that this theory, which is clearly opposed to the doctrine of natural rights, is equally opposed to the spirit of Christianity. That a religion which aims at elevating all men above the vices of heathenism, which enlarges the sphere of thought, which has been the pioneer of civilization, which produces, as we have seen, a deep sentiment of brotherhood through a society where it reigus, --  that such a religion can look with favor on a plan for keeping a large, in fact a <b>major</b> part of a nation in hopeless degradation, no sane unprejudiced man, who has a glimmering of Christian feeling or knowledge, can believe. Then, as to the alleged advantages of such a plan, --  which might commend it, were it true, to such Christians as approve of doing evil that good may come, --  they have no existence in point of fact. In proof of this, we will not dwell on what our own eyes might see without......
major	1850	us (the <b>major</b> part of us, or the major part of those for the time being then surviving of us,) required to give them up. On the decease of the younger President Edwards, the manuscripts and papers thus alluded to, passed into the possession of his......
major	1850	Bergs here and there strewed its surface; but the <b>major</b> part of them formed what is called a  reef,  in the neighbourhood of Devil's Thumb, denoting either a bank or shoal water in that direction. Headnote: NARWHALES. A powerful sunlight obliged spectacles of every shade, size, and description to be brought into use; and, as we walked about from ship to ship, a great deal of joking and facetiousness arose out of the droll appearance of some individuals, --  utility, and not beauty, was, however, generally voted the great essential...
major	1850	For instance, a piece of a floe, two or three hundred yards broad, and three feet thick, prevented our progress: the weakest and narrowest part being ascertained, the ships were secured as close as possible without obstructing the steam vessels, the <b>major</b> part of the crews being despatched to the line where the cut was to be made, with tools and gunpowder for blasting, and plenty of short hand-lines and claws. The  Pioneer  and  Intrepid,  then, in turn rushed at the floe, breaking their......
major	1850	In the <b>major</b> part of our elections, the best men have been chosen; and in nearly all of them, making allowance for party bias, the principle of superior qualification and paramount claim has been honestly adhered to. This has been the palladium of our safety. This has preserved us from the extremity of political intrigue, from corruption, and from the various forms of usurpation which, under the name of coup d'etat, have been elsewhere raised up into a kind of supplement to the Constitution. Parties have ever felt that...
major	1850	This will be rendered more intelligible by an example. We have in the mountain districts of Scotland, England and Wales, a considerable flora and a portion of our fauna, which can not be traced to the. migration of animals and plants over the great Germanic plain, which accounts for the <b>major</b> part of our British species, seeing that......
major	1880	Both the Indian and the crime are well known in Arizona. But there is no law to reach such cases. Perhaps Chappo's chief considered the laborer worthy of his hire. And so the matter ended in Apache ethics. When we know the recklessness with which Indians kill each other, can we wonder at the levity with which they sometimes kill white men? I quote the facts concerning the <b>major</b> crime of murder. The same deplorable state of affairs exists in regard to lesser crimes and misdemeanors. In view of this, no humane and just man can deny the immediate necessity of putting them under the restraint and protection of a code of laws. ......
major	1990	If we are to take Becker at his word, he will be playing his last Grand Slam tournament next week as the U.S. Open unfolds at Flushing Meadow and the new Arthur Ashe Stadium. It will be the scene of high drama on many fronts: Pete Sampras ' relentless pursuit of legend, Andre Agassi's comeback, the rebuilding of Monica Seles ' psyche and the formidable presence of world No. 1 Monica Hingis against a stellar field including teenage stars Venus Williams and Anna Kournikova. But nothing captures a <b>major</b> tournament quite like a farewell, and Becker's matches will bear the heavy burden of nostalgia. They come in all forms, these swan songs. Bjorn Borg left the U.S. Open grounds through a kitchen one night and never returned to big-time tennis. ......
major	1990	The answer to this question is yes, because the disease in pigs has a particular tendency to infect pregnant sows and destroy their piglets. If this occurred in women, there could be a similar problem. Indeed there are examples of other infectious agents causing disasters for both pregnant women and animals. Listeriosis can destroy human babies and also lambs and calves. At the moment, all the features of the blue ear virus are not known, nor is it established whether people have already been infected with it. One <b>major</b> problem is that human influenza strikes mainly in the winter, and there is no way of telling how many cases of the disease in Holland and Germany were due to a human or the pig source. So no relevant research has been performed studying the transfer of the infection from pigs to people. It is certainly possible that some people might have been infected, perhaps without showing obvious......
major	1990	GM is also the leading car and truck producer in South America, and plans a new manufacturing and assembly complex in Argentina. But as GM's well-traveled international boss, Louis Hughes, points out:  The growth is in Asia. GM expects sales in the Asia Pacific region to grow, in round numbers, from 13 million vehicles last year to 20 million in a decade. Besides joint ventures in China and India, GM is trying to develop a <b>major</b> production center in either Thailand or the Philippines that would be fed by components operations in Australia, China, Korea, and Japan. Hughes thinks he can grab 10% of the region's vehicle......
major	1990	Meanwhile, the epidemiology work continued, including a number of studies looking at workers with high occupational exposures to low-frequency fields. One <b>major</b> problem with all of these studies became apparent as work progressed. Very few good measures of the  dose  were possible in any of this work, especially compared to a control group reflecting the general population. No one really knew what the field strengths or the durations of exposure were for either the studied groups or the controls. Assumptions made about exposure based on occupation or on proximity to a high-voltage power line often turned out to be questionable. Another problem was the lack of a plausible model for how these fields...
major	1990	<P> Now, in the new Russia, the half-dozen or so richest men in the country seem to be living out that teaching. These new oligarchs, all fabulously rich thanks mainly to their intimacy with the country's democratic leaders, control as much as half the country's gross domestic product and many of the most powerful media outlets. Last year they played a <b>major</b> role in the re-election of President Boris Yeltsin. To say, as many Russians do, that the oligarchs run the country is an exaggeration. To say they would like to is closer to the truth. <P> But their power and wealth are so great, their control of the economy so pervasive and their rivalries so bitter that Yeltsin is trying to bring them to heel, declaring that the state is......
major	1990	When the airport first opens, because of interminable glitches in the system, it's been programmed to deliver luggage half as fast, to only one concourse and mostly in only one direction. For the time being, two concourses will be served by the traditional low-tech  tug and cart  system. Most of the failed forecasts were made during the administration of former Mayor Federico Pena, who conceived the airport and once planned to build it even if no <b>major</b> airline officially agreed to use it. DIA was a **27;808;TOOLONG dream that some say will one day be vindicated. But for now, the financially troubled airport is a public-relations crisis for Pena's successor, Wellington Webb, on whose watch the airport - with all its construction glitches - was built. THE  SNAKE OIL  It was......
major	1990	The market for the overpaid chiefs of losing or minimally profitable enterprises is not a large one. In effect, the top dogs are isolating themselves --  but not their employees --  from the brutal realities of the marketplace. The basic injustice involved is obvious. In tough times it's all the more important to remember that ethics pay off in the end, and on the bottom line. Ten years ago James Burke, chief executive of Johnson &; Johnson, put together a list of <b>major</b> companies that paid a lot......
major	1990	This was clearly important for the Tibetans, for British participation would have provided a form of international guarantee, but it was in China's interest to deny any international or legal character to the meetings. This was to characterise much of Sino-Tibetan dialogue. Whatever may have transpired during Huang's visit, one thing was certain: for the Guomindang, permission to set up an office in Lhasa was a <b>major</b> propaganda achievement, resurrecting Chinese presence in Tibet. The British were not prepared to acquiesce to the return of the Chinese to Tibet, and determined to counter the reassertion of Chinese influence. If the Chinese were allowed to......
major	1990	The creatures themselves were either gutted and strung up on hooks or else piled in cuts, and even headless they were recognizable as dogs, from their long narrow muscles and their lean haunches. As I drifted around the city with him, it was clear that Mr. Lu had put his Red Guard past behind him. He was proud of this proliferation of factories and housing blocks. Shenzhen was undoubtedly the best-organized city in China. The authorities tried to keep crime to a minimum --  although this had become a <b>major</b> challenge. Eighty-two men in Shenzhen had......
major	1990	For example, an excerpt from Melissa's MER responses shows her expectations regarding learning. After indicating that she preferred that the instructor take a <b>major</b> role in communicating information, Melissa wrote,  I think more along the lines of what Ilung Narrative to Promote, Self-Authorship I ') 5 %cons to be concrete inli) rmation to me. I think in an orderly fashion from point A to point li, which is probably why 1 like math so much. However, Melissa recognized the importance of more nebulous knowledge, although she reported constantly struggling in that type of class. In fact, in her interview she reported that EDU 200 had been a constant...
major	2000	Assess your immediate living quarters to determine the wisest choice to make regarding filtered or fresh air. Minimal furnishings and minimal distractions should be a priority for creating a resting ambience. Cluttering the room only adds stress and more input for the brain to process. Focus on creating simple lines, simple furnishings and incorporate breathable natural fiber bedding that cradles the body while allowing it to respirate and sleep soundly, free from distractions and noise pollution. When possible remove carpeting, as it is a <b>major</b> source of chemical input, unless you have secured some of the unique and beautiful......
major	2000	Typically many invoices of that period provide little or no description, but judging from the price and the limited number of sideboards du Pont ever acquired, this must be the magnificent New York example (Pl. IV) that has graced the Du Pont Dining Room at Winterthur for many years. Mr. and Mrs. Collings became a <b>major</b> source for some of du Pont's finest acquisitions, often acting also as purchasing agents at auctions and with individuals. In January 1929, du Pont paid one of the highest prices that he had spent to date when he bought from......
mere	1820	But after all, the best evidence of their meaning is their language, which must receive its obvious and usual interpretation, unless it be manifest that the parties intended to give it a different sense. The writer himself informs us, that the order in council was repealed more than three months before the conclusion of the treaty; and of course it was not at that time a point in dispute between the two countries. And how, under any circumstances, could the <b>mere</b> fact, that the treaty contains a stipulation relating to the subject, warrant......
mere	1830	The remark of Mr. Tazewell, in the above extract, that the Constitution does not profess to transfer any power, jurisdiction, or authority, to any other, than to the Government which it creates, ' is singularly at variance with the real state of the case. Mr. Tazewell is himself the first to admit, or rather to proclaim and insist that the Government is a <b>mere</b> agent, exercising powers that belong......
mere	1870	The true explanation is rather to be sought in the extraordinai-y unanimity of American political sentiment. Vigorous discussion is usually the child of controversy, and men for the most part are first led to explore thoroughly the grounds of their speculative opinions, when those opinions are called in question. Al the most famous political inquiries of modern times had their origin in epochs when great political issues were at stake. They were not the speculations of <b>mere</b> scholars, but aimed at the practical solution of real problems. They were produced when some great issues were at stake......
mere	1890	Of course I could do nothing but wait until she had finished, for I could not beat her, and I would not let her think that she could drive me away by <b>mere</b> talk, bad as it was. What did she call you? asked Dumnoff, with a grin. She called me a good-for-nothing,  said the Count, reddening with anger again, so that the veins stood out on his throat above his collar. And she called me, I think, an adventurer. Is that all? laughed Dumnoff. I have been called by worse names than that in my time! I have not,  answered the...
mere	1990	Solange, the divorce, today even proposed escalation to total nudity; proud of her still-sleek derrire, she wears bikini bottoms with only the tiniest of triangles in front and a <b>mere</b> string up the cleft behind --  but even that, she has reminded them, is more than they would be cumbering themselves with at Guadeloupe's Caravelle or Martinique's Buccaneer Creek. Vive la France,  Edith agreed, and although her body at forty-six is holding up less well than Jacqueline's at fifty, not to mention Solange's at forty, she took the lead in going bottomless on the spot --  which happened to be hip-deep in the gentle surf. Pour la patrie! Solange...
mere	1990	What sweet naivete of existing law you manifest, chum! But they're living together, and he's paying all her expenses, including the release fee due our facility, which will allow us to make considerable renovations to the Castle 6 edifice, which is crumbling, so don't give me whining. This is a boon, for us and for you and for her. As next of kin, you'll need to sign this release,  Albert says. A <b>mere</b> formality. ......
mere	1990	Those mothers who were unable to make such a showing would be subject to another round of proceedings which ultimately could lead to severing parental rights. The proposal has some obvious advantages and some serious drawbacks. The greatest advantage is timeliness. Instead of waiting for the first symptoms of trouble, such as a report of child abuse, signs of neglect or failure to thrive, society would be seeking early on to assure that the mother was able to care for the child. In a sense, the <b>mere</b> proceeding should indicate a collective concern for the child's welfare. ......
mere	1990	Those mothers who were unable to make such a showing would be subject to another round of proceedings which ultimately could lead to severing parental rights. The proposal has some obvious advantages and some serious drawbacks. The greatest advantage is timeliness. Instead of waiting for the first symptoms of trouble, such as a report of child abuse, signs of neglect or failure to thrive, society would be seeking early on to assure that the mother was able to care for the child. In a sense, the <b>mere</b> proceeding should indicate a collective concern for the child's welfare. ......
mere	1990	What sweet naivete of existing law you manifest, chum! But they're living together, and he's paying all her expenses, including the release fee due our facility, which will allow us to make considerable renovations to the Castle 6 edifice, which is crumbling, so don't give me whining. This is a boon, for us and for you and for her. As next of kin, you'll need to sign this release,  Albert says. A <b>mere</b> formality. ......
mere	1990	Solange, the divorce, today even proposed escalation to total nudity; proud of her still-sleek derrire, she wears bikini bottoms with only the tiniest of triangles in front and a <b>mere</b> string up the cleft behind --  but even that, she has reminded them, is more than they would be cumbering themselves with at Guadeloupe's Caravelle or Martinique's Buccaneer Creek. Vive la France,  Edith agreed, and although her body at forty-six is holding up less well than Jacqueline's at fifty, not to mention Solange's at forty, she took the lead in going bottomless on the spot --  which happened to be hip-deep in the gentle surf. Pour la patrie! Solange...
mere	1990	Drawing on the work of historians engaged in the debate over the use and portrayal of history in public matters, we argue that a pragmatic approach to history is responsive to the needs of historically oppressed communities as long as it addresses the question of justice. IV. HISTORICAL METHOD  The Byda and Elliott cases suggest that in the fight for environmental justice a community must make zoning boards and courts approach history deliberately and carefully. 98 Where Byda illustrates that communities must force decisionmakers to reckon with history, the Elliott case suggests that <b>mere</b> recognition of history's complexity is not enough. These......
mere	1990	One of the reasons that the notion of wilderness gives us such trouble is that we confuse our notions with real things, that we live in our thoughts more than in the world that surrounds us. We are so soaked in our messages that we have trouble distinguishing a word from the thing itself. Our perspective is skewed, so that we see the natural world as a <b>mere</b> element in our mental worlds......
mere	2000	Exactly how long do I have to set this snare? she asked. You must intercept him within the next two hours. I go at once. She had little time to hatch a plot, which irritated her. She adored plotting --  devising plans and subplans and contingencies --  and half the fun was the anticipation of a trap about to be sprung. She would dream up scenarios for months, and yet now she had only <b>mere</b> hours. Before she could leave, Omort leaned down and murmured at her ear,  If there were any way around your sleeping with this beast, I would have found it for you. I know, brother. She did believe him in this. Omort would never willingly give her up, because he......
mere	2000	I didn't think so. Undaunted, Nuit lifted his chin, wanting to make use of the rare opportunity of having Lilith's ear in a private conference. Then what of your heir? Surely this contagion that has been unleashed could harm his development. Have you seen the angelic dispatches? she hissed with a smile. They are of more harm to him than <b>mere</b> pestilence --  which, by now, he thrives on like the rest of us. He has been safely moved, rest assured. But the heavens will pour out to attempt to protect their precious humans. A beautiful diversion, don't you think? Nuit didn't immediately reply as he watched demons scampering between the rubble with bits of dead human flesh in their clutches. It would be weeks before all the bodies were recovered and the damaged structures were repaired. Chaos reigned......
mere	2000	This afternoon Col. Jackson has received a letter requesting the transmission of my dead body to my wife, my feeling may better be imagined than described. The editor of the Star certainly should bare a great deal of the blame for publishing a rumor leaving a whole family on the foundation of what must have been a <b>mere</b> rumor, but this is not the first nor I suppose the last kindness we will receive from those we left behind. Truly your loving and yet living husband, Francis Christiance. Another Union soldier, Charles Bingham, wrote to his wife, Sarah, to describe in chilling detail the execution of a deserter, whose death he witnessed firsthand. August 9 1863 Same old camp 6 miles from Rebbys......
monetary	1830	A recurrence to the <b>monetary</b> system of that day, and a comparison of the state of the currency in 1814-15 with its present condition, will best enable us to judge how far the anticipations of the founders of the institution have been accomplished. The annals of the Bank of England, whose paper became in 1797, as we have seen, by the interference of the Executive, and subsequently of the Legislature, a compulsory government paper currency, rather than a money of confidence, will show that, by restricting its quantity, it was...
monetary	1830	But no part of their system has, perhaps, done so much, either for the community or themselves, as the payment of interest on deposits. By this, they receive all the unemployed money of the country, and some that would have sought other modes of investment, that might promise greater profit, but at greater risk. Hence, their ordinary deposits are estimated at upwards of 20,000,000 sterling. They are also made, thereby, better acquainted with the pecuniary credit of individuals, and of the precise <b>monetary</b> condition of the community, and regulate their dealings and issues accordingly. ......
monetary	1830	In this alternative, the judgment of the most pondering American citizen can experience but little hesitation. We may now compare the facts of this case with those of another, with a view to another point. In the one case we see a flourishing commerce, and that flourishing commerce, accompanied with an absolute exemption from <b>monetary</b> convulsions or disturbances of any kind or degree whatsoever, great or little, general or partial. In connexion with these two facts, we have,......
monetary	1830	And after some not very important allusions to the financial and <b>monetary</b> systems of the Province --  to the public revenue, which is principally derived from the custom-house, and, till within the last four years, amounted to about? 150,000 per annum, though now little more than? 100,000, (the permanent expenditure of the civil Government being about? 60,000,) --  to the financial disputes between the two Provinces --  and to the post-office, from which it appears that a surplus revenue of? 10,000 per annum is transmitted to England, contrary to the just remonstrances of the Assembly...
monetary	1830	In each we see a flourishing commerce, which, in the*ne case, although it exhibits fits and starts* jerks and pauses, which are unseen in the other, may be said, in its average rate, to he about equal to the steady movement of the other. With the single exception of this one particular, however, the two cases present, in every respect, the moet perfect contrast. The first point of contrast is the absolute exemption of the one from all <b>monetary</b> convulsions, disturbance, disorder, or disquiet; while, in the other, this evil never for an instant ceases to prevail, in a greater or a less degree, and periodically displays an intensity, the horrors of which can be likened to nothing but those suffered by a plague-stricken city. This difference must have a cause; and this cause can not be looked for elsewhere than in some of the particulars, directly and intimately connected with industry and trade......
monetary	1830	As by far the largest portion of cash payments between distant countries is made by means of bills of exchange, and their price rises or falls, like that of merchandise, their fluctuations are watched with great interest by the mercantile community; and they are all estimated by a reference to a known standard, called the par of exchange. To determine what it is with exactness, is often a question of nicety and difficulty, from the different <b>monetary</b> systems that prevail in different countries......
monetary	1830	But, as the British merchants trading to the colonies were sufferers by the <b>monetary</b> system of the day, an act of Parliament was passed in 1763,  to prevent paper bills of credit, hereafter to be issued in any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, from being declared to be a legal tender in payment of money, and to prevent the legal tender of such bills as are now subsisting from being pro- longed beyond the periods for calling in and sinking the same. The preamble to the act declared, with great truth, that, by means of paper...
monetary	1830	Under these perplexing circumstances many leading politicians, who, upon principle, from the commencement of the Government, had most strenuously opposed the whole system of paper-money banking, were unable to devise any other remedy for the evils which involved the <b>monetary</b> transactions, both of the Government and of individuals, than a National Bank. A metallic currency could not at that time, by any measures within the power of the......
monetary	1830	On the other hand, if the paper money be less in amount than the metallic, which it replaces, every dollar of paper currency will exchange for more commodities than the gold or silver, which it replaces, previously did. If we refer to the <b>monetary</b> system of different States, we shall find, that the depreciation of paper......
monetary	1830	Prudent banks finding that they are taxed for the improvidence of their neighbors, will also take the chance of profiting by fortunate speculations, the hazards of which they must, in any event, necessarily incur, and thus, especially if the United States Bank should not be rechartered, the whole <b>monetary</b> system may be thrown into inextricable confusion. This topic is here introduced, to show that, even where there is apparently the least danger, we have much to apprehend from hasty and prejudiced legislation. What has occurred (l in New York,......
monetary	1830	Compared with the case presented by our country, the two afford proof of another truth of no small moment, to wit: that even when counteracted by influences the most adverse, the salutary efficacy of a metallic currency is still so potent as t ' ford a perfect and absolute security against <b>monetary</b> convulsions or disorders: ren 321 dering their spontaneous occurrence at home, or their introduction from abroad equally impossible. Nor is it undeserving of mention, that the metallic currency which here affords such manifestations of the influences inseparable from its nature is far from being a perfect one. It consists of the gold ounce and its fractions, half; quarter, and eighth, - at the......
monetary	1830	It may therefore be distinctly asserted as an incontrovertible fact, that payments are made into the treasury of no other commercial country but our own, in any measure of value excepting gold and silver, and the obligations of the Government. By far the most able and interesting of these papers is the exposition of the <b>monetary</b> system of the island of Cuba, by the consul at Havana, N. P. Trist, Esq., with the accompanying statements of eight of the principal merchants with regard to......
monetary	1830	In this alternative, the judgment of the most pondering American citizen can experience but little hesitation. We may now compare the facts of this case with those of another, with a view to another point. In the one case we see a flourishing commerce, and that flourishing commerce, accompanied with an absolute exemption from <b>monetary</b> convulsions or disturbances of any kind or degree whatsoever, great or little, general or partial. In connexion with these two facts, we have,......
monetary	1830	And after some not very important allusions to the financial and <b>monetary</b> systems of the Province --  to the public revenue, which is principally derived from the custom-house, and, till within the last four years, amounted to about? 150,000 per annum, though now little more than? 100,000, (the permanent expenditure of the civil Government being about? 60,000,) --  to the financial disputes between the two Provinces --  and to the post-office, from which it appears that a surplus revenue of? 10,000 per annum is transmitted to England, contrary to the just remonstrances of the Assembly...
monetary	1830	But no part of their system has, perhaps, done so much, either for the community or themselves, as the payment of interest on deposits. By this, they receive all the unemployed money of the country, and some that would have sought other modes of investment, that might promise greater profit, but at greater risk. Hence, their ordinary deposits are estimated at upwards of 20,000,000 sterling. They are also made, thereby, better acquainted with the pecuniary credit of individuals, and of the precise <b>monetary</b> condition of the community, and regulate their dealings and issues accordingly. ......
monetary	1830	As by far the largest portion of cash payments between distant countries is made by means of bills of exchange, and their price rises or falls, like that of merchandise, their fluctuations are watched with great interest by the mercantile community; and they are all estimated by a reference to a known standard, called the par of exchange. To determine what it is with exactness, is often a question of nicety and difficulty, from the different <b>monetary</b> systems that prevail in different countries......
monetary	1830	On the other hand, if the paper money be less in amount than the metallic, which it replaces, every dollar of paper currency will exchange for more commodities than the gold or silver, which it replaces, previously did. If we refer to the <b>monetary</b> system of different States, we shall find, that the depreciation of paper......
monetary	1830	Under these perplexing circumstances many leading politicians, who, upon principle, from the commencement of the Government, had most strenuously opposed the whole system of paper-money banking, were unable to devise any other remedy for the evils which involved the <b>monetary</b> transactions, both of the Government and of individuals, than a National Bank. A metallic currency could not at that time, by any measures within the power of the......
monetary	1830	A recurrence to the <b>monetary</b> system of that day, and a comparison of the state of the currency in 1814-15 with its present condition, will best enable us to judge how far the anticipations of the founders of the institution have been accomplished. The annals of the Bank of England, whose paper became in 1797, as we have seen, by the interference of the Executive, and subsequently of the Legislature, a compulsory government paper currency, rather than a money of confidence, will show that, by restricting its quantity, it was...
monetary	1830	In each we see a flourishing commerce, which, in the*ne case, although it exhibits fits and starts* jerks and pauses, which are unseen in the other, may be said, in its average rate, to he about equal to the steady movement of the other. With the single exception of this one particular, however, the two cases present, in every respect, the moet perfect contrast. The first point of contrast is the absolute exemption of the one from all <b>monetary</b> convulsions, disturbance, disorder, or disquiet; while, in the other, this evil never for an instant ceases to prevail, in a greater or a less degree, and periodically displays an intensity, the horrors of which can be likened to nothing but those suffered by a plague-stricken city. This difference must have a cause; and this cause can not be looked for elsewhere than in some of the particulars, directly and intimately connected with industry and trade......
monetary	1830	Prudent banks finding that they are taxed for the improvidence of their neighbors, will also take the chance of profiting by fortunate speculations, the hazards of which they must, in any event, necessarily incur, and thus, especially if the United States Bank should not be rechartered, the whole <b>monetary</b> system may be thrown into inextricable confusion. This topic is here introduced, to show that, even where there is apparently the least danger, we have much to apprehend from hasty and prejudiced legislation. What has occurred (l in New York,......
monetary	1830	Compared with the case presented by our country, the two afford proof of another truth of no small moment, to wit: that even when counteracted by influences the most adverse, the salutary efficacy of a metallic currency is still so potent as t ' ford a perfect and absolute security against <b>monetary</b> convulsions or disorders: ren 321 dering their spontaneous occurrence at home, or their introduction from abroad equally impossible. Nor is it undeserving of mention, that the metallic currency which here affords such manifestations of the influences inseparable from its nature is far from being a perfect one. It consists of the gold ounce and its fractions, half; quarter, and eighth, - at the......
monetary	1830	But, as the British merchants trading to the colonies were sufferers by the <b>monetary</b> system of the day, an act of Parliament was passed in 1763,  to prevent paper bills of credit, hereafter to be issued in any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, from being declared to be a legal tender in payment of money, and to prevent the legal tender of such bills as are now subsisting from being pro- longed beyond the periods for calling in and sinking the same. The preamble to the act declared, with great truth, that, by means of paper...
monetary	1830	It may therefore be distinctly asserted as an incontrovertible fact, that payments are made into the treasury of no other commercial country but our own, in any measure of value excepting gold and silver, and the obligations of the Government. By far the most able and interesting of these papers is the exposition of the <b>monetary</b> system of the island of Cuba, by the consul at Havana, N. P. Trist, Esq., with the accompanying statements of eight of the principal merchants with regard to......
monetary	1830	In each we see a flourishing commerce, which, in the*ne case, although it exhibits fits and starts* jerks and pauses, which are unseen in the other, may be said, in its average rate, to he about equal to the steady movement of the other. With the single exception of this one particular, however, the two cases present, in every respect, the moet perfect contrast. The first point of contrast is the absolute exemption of the one from all <b>monetary</b> convulsions, disturbance, disorder, or disquiet; while, in the other, this evil never for an instant ceases to prevail, in a greater or a less degree, and periodically displays an intensity, the horrors of which can be likened to nothing but those suffered by a plague-stricken city. This difference must have a cause; and this cause can not be looked for elsewhere than in some of the particulars, directly and intimately connected with industry and trade......
monetary	1830	Prudent banks finding that they are taxed for the improvidence of their neighbors, will also take the chance of profiting by fortunate speculations, the hazards of which they must, in any event, necessarily incur, and thus, especially if the United States Bank should not be rechartered, the whole <b>monetary</b> system may be thrown into inextricable confusion. This topic is here introduced, to show that, even where there is apparently the least danger, we have much to apprehend from hasty and prejudiced legislation. What has occurred (l in New York,......
monetary	1830	And after some not very important allusions to the financial and <b>monetary</b> systems of the Province --  to the public revenue, which is principally derived from the custom-house, and, till within the last four years, amounted to about? 150,000 per annum, though now little more than? 100,000, (the permanent expenditure of the civil Government being about? 60,000,) --  to the financial disputes between the two Provinces --  and to the post-office, from which it appears that a surplus revenue of? 10,000 per annum is transmitted to England, contrary to the just remonstrances of the Assembly...
monetary	1830	But, as the British merchants trading to the colonies were sufferers by the <b>monetary</b> system of the day, an act of Parliament was passed in 1763,  to prevent paper bills of credit, hereafter to be issued in any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, from being declared to be a legal tender in payment of money, and to prevent the legal tender of such bills as are now subsisting from being pro- longed beyond the periods for calling in and sinking the same. The preamble to the act declared, with great truth, that, by means of paper...
monetary	1830	In this alternative, the judgment of the most pondering American citizen can experience but little hesitation. We may now compare the facts of this case with those of another, with a view to another point. In the one case we see a flourishing commerce, and that flourishing commerce, accompanied with an absolute exemption from <b>monetary</b> convulsions or disturbances of any kind or degree whatsoever, great or little, general or partial. In connexion with these two facts, we have,......
monetary	1830	A recurrence to the <b>monetary</b> system of that day, and a comparison of the state of the currency in 1814-15 with its present condition, will best enable us to judge how far the anticipations of the founders of the institution have been accomplished. The annals of the Bank of England, whose paper became in 1797, as we have seen, by the interference of the Executive, and subsequently of the Legislature, a compulsory government paper currency, rather than a money of confidence, will show that, by restricting its quantity, it was...
monetary	1830	It may therefore be distinctly asserted as an incontrovertible fact, that payments are made into the treasury of no other commercial country but our own, in any measure of value excepting gold and silver, and the obligations of the Government. By far the most able and interesting of these papers is the exposition of the <b>monetary</b> system of the island of Cuba, by the consul at Havana, N. P. Trist, Esq., with the accompanying statements of eight of the principal merchants with regard to......
monetary	1830	As by far the largest portion of cash payments between distant countries is made by means of bills of exchange, and their price rises or falls, like that of merchandise, their fluctuations are watched with great interest by the mercantile community; and they are all estimated by a reference to a known standard, called the par of exchange. To determine what it is with exactness, is often a question of nicety and difficulty, from the different <b>monetary</b> systems that prevail in different countries......
monetary	1830	On the other hand, if the paper money be less in amount than the metallic, which it replaces, every dollar of paper currency will exchange for more commodities than the gold or silver, which it replaces, previously did. If we refer to the <b>monetary</b> system of different States, we shall find, that the depreciation of paper......
monetary	1830	Under these perplexing circumstances many leading politicians, who, upon principle, from the commencement of the Government, had most strenuously opposed the whole system of paper-money banking, were unable to devise any other remedy for the evils which involved the <b>monetary</b> transactions, both of the Government and of individuals, than a National Bank. A metallic currency could not at that time, by any measures within the power of the......
monetary	1830	But no part of their system has, perhaps, done so much, either for the community or themselves, as the payment of interest on deposits. By this, they receive all the unemployed money of the country, and some that would have sought other modes of investment, that might promise greater profit, but at greater risk. Hence, their ordinary deposits are estimated at upwards of 20,000,000 sterling. They are also made, thereby, better acquainted with the pecuniary credit of individuals, and of the precise <b>monetary</b> condition of the community, and regulate their dealings and issues accordingly. ......
monetary	1830	Compared with the case presented by our country, the two afford proof of another truth of no small moment, to wit: that even when counteracted by influences the most adverse, the salutary efficacy of a metallic currency is still so potent as t ' ford a perfect and absolute security against <b>monetary</b> convulsions or disorders: ren 321 dering their spontaneous occurrence at home, or their introduction from abroad equally impossible. Nor is it undeserving of mention, that the metallic currency which here affords such manifestations of the influences inseparable from its nature is far from being a perfect one. It consists of the gold ounce and its fractions, half; quarter, and eighth, - at the......
monetary	1840	That labor is capital, and the parent of all other capital. V. That protective duties in the United States are not taxes, and that a protective system rescues the country from an enormous system of foreign taxation. VI. That different states of society require a corresponding adaptation of the systems of public economy to each. VII. That popular and general education is a fundamental element of public economy. VIII. There are new points on the subject of money and a <b>monetary</b> system, which are regarded by the author as vital and fundamental in public economy, and exhibited under new and impressive aspects. IX. That freedom is a thing of commercial value. X. That protection as opposed to free trade is identified with freedom, and with the principle of the American revolution.. XI. That the history of freedom for centuries, for all time, shows it to be identical with protection. XII. That the American revolution is the opening of a new era in the history......
monetary	1840	This great boon of Whig policy has operated like a charm on every branch of the business and trade of the country, has brought back the specie, the absence of which had undermined our currency, and the people are beginning to open their eyes to the true character of that Destructive Dynasty through which we have passed. They see what ruin it brought upon us, and begin to understand the causes --  especially do they see, that the war of Government on the long-established <b>monetary</b> system of the country and its great commercial and financial agencies, was a war on its labor and industry. This great discovery will lead to important results. The prophecies of the faithful, uttered in dark days, being now interpreted by their fulfilment, the prophets themselves will be honored. ......
monetary	1840	If interest be reduced to a just rate, almost the entire population of the country will be engaged in some species of productive industry, and the laboring classes will be relieved from the support of a numerous body who now live by their wits-that is, by contriving to obtain the products of others without toil. When money is made a just standard, the injustice of contracts founded upon it will cease, and many laws necessary to support the present unjust standard will disappear. So long as <b>monetary</b> laws continue a standard that will wrest products from producers, and place and protect them in the hands of non-producers, they will require for their support the aid of the sword and hayonet, because man's natural sense of right revolts against......
monetary	1840	The following will cast light on this point. The destination are extracts on these two points of money here is for an endless round of duty 1848 in the discharge of the same functions, whereas On price, Mr. Colton remarks - the destination of the subjects of its agency in qwq and only functions. The only fundamental measure of money is the scales; though, in the superstructure of a <b>monetary</b> system, many other accidental measures are employed, for convenience, all having reference to this, and being based upon it. To show that money, as a subject of trade, has no price......
monetary	1840	It was, as we have said, of the greatest importance to Prussia, not only in a commercial point of view, but as a means of acquiring a political ascendency over the smaller states of the league. It might be supposed that to Prussian custom-house regulations, which had already been adopted, would succeed the Prussian <b>monetary</b> system, Prussian post-offices, roads, weights, and measures. ......
monetary	1840	It was, as we have said, of the greatest importance to Prussia, not only in a commercial point of view, but as a means of acquiring a political ascendency over the smaller states of the league. It might be supposed that to Prussian custom-house regulations, which had already been adopted, would succeed the Prussian <b>monetary</b> system, Prussian post-offices, roads, weights, and measures. ......
monetary	1840	The following will cast light on this point. The destination are extracts on these two points of money here is for an endless round of duty 1848 in the discharge of the same functions, whereas On price, Mr. Colton remarks - the destination of the subjects of its agency in qwq and only functions. The only fundamental measure of money is the scales; though, in the superstructure of a <b>monetary</b> system, many other accidental measures are employed, for convenience, all having reference to this, and being based upon it. To show that money, as a subject of trade, has no price......
monetary	1840	If interest be reduced to a just rate, almost the entire population of the country will be engaged in some species of productive industry, and the laboring classes will be relieved from the support of a numerous body who now live by their wits-that is, by contriving to obtain the products of others without toil. When money is made a just standard, the injustice of contracts founded upon it will cease, and many laws necessary to support the present unjust standard will disappear. So long as <b>monetary</b> laws continue a standard that will wrest products from producers, and place and protect them in the hands of non-producers, they will require for their support the aid of the sword and hayonet, because man's natural sense of right revolts against......
monetary	1840	That labor is capital, and the parent of all other capital. V. That protective duties in the United States are not taxes, and that a protective system rescues the country from an enormous system of foreign taxation. VI. That different states of society require a corresponding adaptation of the systems of public economy to each. VII. That popular and general education is a fundamental element of public economy. VIII. There are new points on the subject of money and a <b>monetary</b> system, which are regarded by the author as vital and fundamental in public economy, and exhibited under new and impressive aspects. IX. That freedom is a thing of commercial value. X. That protection as opposed to free trade is identified with freedom, and with the principle of the American revolution.. XI. That the history of freedom for centuries, for all time, shows it to be identical with protection. XII. That the American revolution is the opening of a new era in the history......
monetary	1840	This great boon of Whig policy has operated like a charm on every branch of the business and trade of the country, has brought back the specie, the absence of which had undermined our currency, and the people are beginning to open their eyes to the true character of that Destructive Dynasty through which we have passed. They see what ruin it brought upon us, and begin to understand the causes --  especially do they see, that the war of Government on the long-established <b>monetary</b> system of the country and its great commercial and financial agencies, was a war on its labor and industry. This great discovery will lead to important results. The prophecies of the faithful, uttered in dark days, being now interpreted by their fulfilment, the prophets themselves will be honored. ......
monetary	1840	This great boon of Whig policy has operated like a charm on every branch of the business and trade of the country, has brought back the specie, the absence of which had undermined our currency, and the people are beginning to open their eyes to the true character of that Destructive Dynasty through which we have passed. They see what ruin it brought upon us, and begin to understand the causes --  especially do they see, that the war of Government on the long-established <b>monetary</b> system of the country and its great commercial and financial agencies, was a war on its labor and industry. This great discovery will lead to important results. The prophecies of the faithful, uttered in dark days, being now interpreted by their fulfilment, the prophets themselves will be honored. ......
monetary	1840	That labor is capital, and the parent of all other capital. V. That protective duties in the United States are not taxes, and that a protective system rescues the country from an enormous system of foreign taxation. VI. That different states of society require a corresponding adaptation of the systems of public economy to each. VII. That popular and general education is a fundamental element of public economy. VIII. There are new points on the subject of money and a <b>monetary</b> system, which are regarded by the author as vital and fundamental in public economy, and exhibited under new and impressive aspects. IX. That freedom is a thing of commercial value. X. That protection as opposed to free trade is identified with freedom, and with the principle of the American revolution.. XI. That the history of freedom for centuries, for all time, shows it to be identical with protection. XII. That the American revolution is the opening of a new era in the history......
monetary	1840	The following will cast light on this point. The destination are extracts on these two points of money here is for an endless round of duty 1848 in the discharge of the same functions, whereas On price, Mr. Colton remarks - the destination of the subjects of its agency in qwq and only functions. The only fundamental measure of money is the scales; though, in the superstructure of a <b>monetary</b> system, many other accidental measures are employed, for convenience, all having reference to this, and being based upon it. To show that money, as a subject of trade, has no price......
monetary	1840	If interest be reduced to a just rate, almost the entire population of the country will be engaged in some species of productive industry, and the laboring classes will be relieved from the support of a numerous body who now live by their wits-that is, by contriving to obtain the products of others without toil. When money is made a just standard, the injustice of contracts founded upon it will cease, and many laws necessary to support the present unjust standard will disappear. So long as <b>monetary</b> laws continue a standard that will wrest products from producers, and place and protect them in the hands of non-producers, they will require for their support the aid of the sword and hayonet, because man's natural sense of right revolts against......
monetary	1850	They were further required to be ready to advance, in case of need, a sum not exceeding 2,500,000 upon the same terms of five per cent, interest, redeemable by parliament. The General Fund Act recited the various deficiencies, which were to be made good by the aids derived from the foregoing sources. The name of the South Sea Company was thus continually before the public. Though their trade with the South American States produced little or no augmentation of their revenues, they continued to flourish as a <b>monetary</b> corporation. Their stock was in high request, and the directors, buoyed up with success, began to think of new means for ex tending their influence. The Mississippi scheme of John Law, which so dazzled and captivated the......
monetary	1850	In what we have now written, we have purposely confined our discussion to the causes of financial disturbance most nearly concerning ourselves. We forget not that, while we write, England is approaching or passing a crisis bearing some resemblance to our own recent experience, though evldently less extensive and severe; and that the other commercial nations show symptoms of derangement in their <b>monetary</b> relations. The whole civilized world now virtually constitutes one confederate nationality as to matters of finance. Every quickened or slackened pulse-beat in the circulation of one member is felt in all. Especially must England be profoundly affected by the sudden suspension of purchases on the part of her best customer, by the unlooked for insolvency of her largest debtor. At the same time, the Crimean war and Australian emigration had largely reduced her produc-16* Jan. THE FINANCIAL......
monetary	1850	The United States of America, as well as Russia, we are told, are coining, or storing in their vaults, as security for their paper circulation, large quantities of gold coin. Nothing is more true as regards late years; but for the very reason that this drain has been in operation for a considerable time, it is not destined to he of much longer continuance. If one milliard of francs (forty millions sterling) in gold amply suffices for the <b>monetary</b> wants of England, we may conclude that, for......
monetary	1850	They were further required to be ready to advance, in case of need, a sum not exceeding 2,500,000 upon the same terms of five per cent, interest, redeemable by parliament. The General Fund Act recited the various deficiencies, which were to be made good by the aids derived from the foregoing sources. The name of the South Sea Company was thus continually before the public. Though their trade with the South American States produced little or no augmentation of their revenues, they continued to flourish as a <b>monetary</b> corporation. Their stock was in high request, and the directors, buoyed up with success, began to think of new means for ex tending their influence. The Mississippi scheme of John Law, which so dazzled and captivated the......
monetary	1850	The United States of America, as well as Russia, we are told, are coining, or storing in their vaults, as security for their paper circulation, large quantities of gold coin. Nothing is more true as regards late years; but for the very reason that this drain has been in operation for a considerable time, it is not destined to he of much longer continuance. If one milliard of francs (forty millions sterling) in gold amply suffices for the <b>monetary</b> wants of England, we may conclude that, for......
monetary	1850	The United States of America, as well as Russia, we are told, are coining, or storing in their vaults, as security for their paper circulation, large quantities of gold coin. Nothing is more true as regards late years; but for the very reason that this drain has been in operation for a considerable time, it is not destined to he of much longer continuance. If one milliard of francs (forty millions sterling) in gold amply suffices for the <b>monetary</b> wants of England, we may conclude that, for......
monetary	1850	They were further required to be ready to advance, in case of need, a sum not exceeding 2,500,000 upon the same terms of five per cent, interest, redeemable by parliament. The General Fund Act recited the various deficiencies, which were to be made good by the aids derived from the foregoing sources. The name of the South Sea Company was thus continually before the public. Though their trade with the South American States produced little or no augmentation of their revenues, they continued to flourish as a <b>monetary</b> corporation. Their stock was in high request, and the directors, buoyed up with success, began to think of new means for ex tending their influence. The Mississippi scheme of John Law, which so dazzled and captivated the......
monetary	1860	But sir, in this our extremity, while we are struggling to perpetuate our Government, I am willing to go to the very verge of the Constitution. I will go as far as I feel that the Constitution will permit me, to gather up the power and means to carry on the Government to that great consum- mation which the fathers contemplated when they established it. But while I might have some doubt in time of peace, when the <b>monetary</b> affairs of the country might safely be left to work out their own level and settlement, of the policy of this measure, I have none now. What may be policy in the one case may be vastly different in the other. I treat this, Mr. Chairman, as emphatically and clearly a war measur. It may appear strange that a money bill should be considered a war measure, and yet it is......
monetary	1860	But at this time, in consequence of the diminution of all business, except that nourished by the war, the bankcirculation is over $20,000,000 less, or about $136,000,000. I admit that we can drive a considerable share of this home upon the banks, and substitute that of the notes of the United States in its place. * * * * It is thus apparent that $20,000,000 is about all that would be absorbed by this country, or kept afloat in the present condition of <b>monetary</b> affairs without the intervention of Congressional omnipotence in making them a legal tender. If so made, they would, to the extent they are tendered for public dues, be a forced loan; and to the extent of the difference between their current value and that of standard coin, it would be a breach of public faith. It is......
monetary	1860	A politician who would not claim to be competent to make a shoe, not having learned the trade, will without hesitation and without study construct a new national banking system, or destroy the old. When so many accomplished free lances in finance are entering the field, men who have given their lives to the careful study and successful administration of <b>monetary</b> affairs naturally feel unwilling to risk the dangers of a competition in which success provokes as severe criticism as defeat. The affairs of x*ihicls the Secretary has charge employ the constant services of 15,993 offleers, clerks, and em.ploy*s, of whom 3,520 are in the Bureaus at Washington, 5,151 are in the Custom-Houses and Sub-Treasuries, and 7,322 are in the Internal Revenue service, including inspectors, collectors, assessors, etc., throughout the United States. Of the 41,000 officers of the government,......
monetary	1860	Yet in all this time, has any one heard a complaint of any serious suffering inflicted on the people of the Continent? have prices there been greatly depressed below their ranges in this country? have wages fallen, or have merchants been extensively ruined by the universal depreciation of their stock? There has occurred nothing of the kind. The tenor of commercial and <b>monetary</b> affairs has been everywhere even and tranquil; and in France......
monetary	1860	Historians are divided in opinion as to whether they should designate him a knave or a madman. Both epithets were unsparingly applied to him in his lifetime, and while the unhappy consequences of his projects were still deeply felt. Posterity, however, has found reason to doubt the justice of the accusation, and to confess that John Law was neither knave nor madman, but one more deceived than deceiving; more sinned against than sinning. He was thoroughly acquainted with the philosophy and true principles of credit. He understood the <b>monetary</b> question better than any man of his day; and if his system fell with a crash so tremendous, it was not so much his fault as that of the people amongst whom he had erected it. He did not calculate upon the avaricious frenzy of a whole......
monetary	1860	Historians are divided in opinion as to whether they should designate him a knave or a madman. Both epithets were unsparingly applied to him in his lifetime, and while the unhappy consequences of his projects were still deeply felt. Posterity, however, has found reason to doubt the justice of the accusation, and to confess that John Law was neither knave nor madman, but one more deceived than deceiving; more sinned against than sinning. He was thoroughly acquainted with the philosophy and true principles of credit. He understood the <b>monetary</b> question better than any man of his day; and if his system fell with a crash so tremendous, it was not so much his fault as that of the people amongst whom he had erected it. He did not calculate upon the avaricious frenzy of a whole......
monetary	1860	But at this time, in consequence of the diminution of all business, except that nourished by the war, the bankcirculation is over $20,000,000 less, or about $136,000,000. I admit that we can drive a considerable share of this home upon the banks, and substitute that of the notes of the United States in its place. * * * * It is thus apparent that $20,000,000 is about all that would be absorbed by this country, or kept afloat in the present condition of <b>monetary</b> affairs without the intervention of Congressional omnipotence in making them a legal tender. If so made, they would, to the extent they are tendered for public dues, be a forced loan; and to the extent of the difference between their current value and that of standard coin, it would be a breach of public faith. It is......
monetary	1860	A politician who would not claim to be competent to make a shoe, not having learned the trade, will without hesitation and without study construct a new national banking system, or destroy the old. When so many accomplished free lances in finance are entering the field, men who have given their lives to the careful study and successful administration of <b>monetary</b> affairs naturally feel unwilling to risk the dangers of a competition in which success provokes as severe criticism as defeat. The affairs of x*ihicls the Secretary has charge employ the constant services of 15,993 offleers, clerks, and em.ploy*s, of whom 3,520 are in the Bureaus at Washington, 5,151 are in the Custom-Houses and Sub-Treasuries, and 7,322 are in the Internal Revenue service, including inspectors, collectors, assessors, etc., throughout the United States. Of the 41,000 officers of the government,......
monetary	1860	Yet in all this time, has any one heard a complaint of any serious suffering inflicted on the people of the Continent? have prices there been greatly depressed below their ranges in this country? have wages fallen, or have merchants been extensively ruined by the universal depreciation of their stock? There has occurred nothing of the kind. The tenor of commercial and <b>monetary</b> affairs has been everywhere even and tranquil; and in France......
monetary	1860	But sir, in this our extremity, while we are struggling to perpetuate our Government, I am willing to go to the very verge of the Constitution. I will go as far as I feel that the Constitution will permit me, to gather up the power and means to carry on the Government to that great consum- mation which the fathers contemplated when they established it. But while I might have some doubt in time of peace, when the <b>monetary</b> affairs of the country might safely be left to work out their own level and settlement, of the policy of this measure, I have none now. What may be policy in the one case may be vastly different in the other. I treat this, Mr. Chairman, as emphatically and clearly a war measur. It may appear strange that a money bill should be considered a war measure, and yet it is......
monetary	1860	Yet in all this time, has any one heard a complaint of any serious suffering inflicted on the people of the Continent? have prices there been greatly depressed below their ranges in this country? have wages fallen, or have merchants been extensively ruined by the universal depreciation of their stock? There has occurred nothing of the kind. The tenor of commercial and <b>monetary</b> affairs has been everywhere even and tranquil; and in France......
monetary	1860	A politician who would not claim to be competent to make a shoe, not having learned the trade, will without hesitation and without study construct a new national banking system, or destroy the old. When so many accomplished free lances in finance are entering the field, men who have given their lives to the careful study and successful administration of <b>monetary</b> affairs naturally feel unwilling to risk the dangers of a competition in which success provokes as severe criticism as defeat. The affairs of x*ihicls the Secretary has charge employ the constant services of 15,993 offleers, clerks, and em.ploy*s, of whom 3,520 are in the Bureaus at Washington, 5,151 are in the Custom-Houses and Sub-Treasuries, and 7,322 are in the Internal Revenue service, including inspectors, collectors, assessors, etc., throughout the United States. Of the 41,000 officers of the government,......
monetary	1860	Historians are divided in opinion as to whether they should designate him a knave or a madman. Both epithets were unsparingly applied to him in his lifetime, and while the unhappy consequences of his projects were still deeply felt. Posterity, however, has found reason to doubt the justice of the accusation, and to confess that John Law was neither knave nor madman, but one more deceived than deceiving; more sinned against than sinning. He was thoroughly acquainted with the philosophy and true principles of credit. He understood the <b>monetary</b> question better than any man of his day; and if his system fell with a crash so tremendous, it was not so much his fault as that of the people amongst whom he had erected it. He did not calculate upon the avaricious frenzy of a whole......
monetary	1860	But sir, in this our extremity, while we are struggling to perpetuate our Government, I am willing to go to the very verge of the Constitution. I will go as far as I feel that the Constitution will permit me, to gather up the power and means to carry on the Government to that great consum- mation which the fathers contemplated when they established it. But while I might have some doubt in time of peace, when the <b>monetary</b> affairs of the country might safely be left to work out their own level and settlement, of the policy of this measure, I have none now. What may be policy in the one case may be vastly different in the other. I treat this, Mr. Chairman, as emphatically and clearly a war measur. It may appear strange that a money bill should be considered a war measure, and yet it is......
monetary	1860	But at this time, in consequence of the diminution of all business, except that nourished by the war, the bankcirculation is over $20,000,000 less, or about $136,000,000. I admit that we can drive a considerable share of this home upon the banks, and substitute that of the notes of the United States in its place. * * * * It is thus apparent that $20,000,000 is about all that would be absorbed by this country, or kept afloat in the present condition of <b>monetary</b> affairs without the intervention of Congressional omnipotence in making them a legal tender. If so made, they would, to the extent they are tendered for public dues, be a forced loan; and to the extent of the difference between their current value and that of standard coin, it would be a breach of public faith. It is......
monetary	1990	If it had tried that when the ringgit was convertible, it almost certainly would have led to a further devaluation. With Indonesia, Thailand, and South Korea suffering from similar ills, such a strategy might be appealing to their Governments as well. One significant complication is that these countries are receiving loans from the International <b>Monetary</b> Fund, which favors open markets. But Mr. Krugman noted that Russia was getting I.M.F. loans, even though it had suspended trading of the ruble. Mr. Krugman has been both an observer and a player in the recent debate over free markets in Asia. In an article in the last issue of Fortune magazine, he proposed capital controls as a way for Asian countries to gain breathing space in order to repair their economies. Scarcely a week after Mr. Krugman's article appeared, Malaysia's Prime Minister,...
monetary	1990	Throughout this recession, the government's fiscal policy has been handcuffed by record budget deficits that have prevented it from further stimulating the moribund economy. As a result, the Federal Reserve Board, through its <b>monetary</b> policy, has been forced to combat the downturn on its own. Despite repeated interest-rate cuts, however, consistent economic growth remains on hold. This has led worried policy makers --  in the White House and in Congress --  to flaunt a host of alternative measures such as tax cuts. The sad irony is that the Fed's ability to further loosen credit may be hampered because financial markets fear that tax cuts would increase the deficit and possibly kindle inflation. Once again, impulsive politicians, in a frantic effort to patch...
monetary	1990	Most investors get led astray by emotions,  he says. They get excessively careless and optimistic when they have big profits. They get too cautious and pessimistic when they have big losses.... I've always worked on having more self-control. His secret weapon? His unerring ability to stay calm as an investor is bolstered by his religious faith, which seems to free him from fears and doubts that paralyze others. Convinced he's a beloved child of God and that  spiritual wealth is vastly more important than <b>monetary</b> wealth,  he's never been rattled by the market's plunges. Even when he took a beating, says Templeton,  I never was depressed or despairing. Sidebar HOW SIR JOHN INVESTS TODAY Should regular investors buy individual stocks? Only, declares Sir......
monetary	1990	The committee, which will have 27 Republican and 23 Democratic members, has shrunk by only one. The staff, which in 1993 consisted of just under 100 people, will be slashed by about one-third. But the committee's structure will change slightly. The committee, which used to have six subcommittees, will now have five: financial institutions and consumer credit; capital markets, securities and government-sponsored enterprises; housing and community opportunity; general oversight and investigations; and domestic and international <b>monetary</b> policy. Significantly, the......
monetary	1990	But German opinion differs sharply from the opinions about monetary policy in France and other European countries. The notion of a politically independent central bank is contrary to European traditions. Until recently, when Maastricht required all prospective EMU countries to give their central banks independence, most of the central banks of Europe reported to their ministries of finance, and the finance ministers were at least partially responsible for setting interest rates. The French have been particularly vocal in calling. for political control over <b>monetary</b> policy. In a televised speech just before the 1992 French referendum on the Maastricht Treaty, then-President Francois Mitterrand assured the French public that, contrary to the explicit language of the treaty, European monetary policy would not be under the direction of European central bankers but would be subject to political oversight that, by implication, would be less concerned with inflation and more concerned with unemployment. Mitterrand's statement was a political forecast;......
monetary	1990	The trade unions had anticipated a climate of restraint in 1981 and 1983 by accepting very marginal wage increases. Thus, trade union restraint, devaluation of the Danish crown between 1979-81, and disciplined <b>monetary</b> policy after 1982 help explain why the competitiveness of Danish products increased so remarkably --  not just conservative government policies (Ministry of Finance 1985). For all these reasons, therefore, in the first half of the 1980s, the Danish economy was running at full steam. Between 1982 and 1988, new employment totaled more than 110,000, roughly 17,000 of them in the public sector. As the conservatives had expected, most of the expansion occurred in the private service industry. But manufacturing also expanded, with 24,000 new...
monetary	1990	Aside from autos and auto parts, production was up a modest 0.1 percent. The World Expectations that world leaders would take effective action to combat the spreading economic crisis caused financial markets to extend their gains. Stock markets across Latin America - notably in Brazil (18.7 percent), Mexico (13 percent), and Argentina (9 percent) - surged in overnight trading amid speculation that the International <b>Monetary</b> Fund would attempt a rescue package for the region despite its claim of dwindling funds. But in Moscow the ruble fell to as low as 12 to the US dollar in street trading, and there was no word on whether the IMF was ready to release a new $......
monetary	1990	As evidence, he cites the failure of  the Bolivian model. Educated in Canada, the US, and Switzerland, De Soto often prefers speaking English to Spanish or French. He first worked as managing director of a Swiss engineering consultancy. Returning to his native Peru in 1979 to run an old mine, he founded the ILD in 1980, the year Peru returned to democracy after more than a decade of military rule. Although he has been intimately involved in negotiations with the International <b>Monetary</b> Fund and other multilateral organizations on debt and new financing, De Soto believes that most of the reforms Peru needs are internal and structural. Peruvians wrongly tend......
monetary	1990	The change in committee philosophy is captured by the change in chairmen. Outgoing Chairman Henry B. Gonzalez (D-Tex.) is a populist who regularly railed against Federal Reserve <b>monetary</b> policies and called for more regulation, including consumer-protection rules more stringent than the banking industry has liked. Incoming chairman Jim Leach (R-Iowa) is a moderate Republican, a soft-spoken, thoughtful Princeton graduate and 18-year veteran of the committee, who has voiced support for the Fed for staying  above politics  and who has worried that too much regulation stifles the banking industry. But the committee is likely to be at its partisan worst when the committee holds hearings on Whitewater next summer, according to Leach, who will...
monetary	1990	POVERTY IS THE FINAL AFFRONT THAT must be abolished,  Manley says, citing President John E Kennedy's similar line on the subject. I haven't changed my politics. Good medical care, education, housing --  getting these things turned out to be a lot harder than we believed in the 1970s. To learn from and admit mistakes is a signpost of wisdom. One mistake he will not repeat is confronting the United States and the International <b>Monetary</b> Fund. Manley has also distanced himself from Cuban president Fidel Castro, a former friend and confidant. In retrospect, Manley says, the path that he pursued provoked unnecessary conflict with powerful enemies, but without the resources to do battle. A strategist to the core, he  would be less confrontational,  he reflects......
monetary	1990	The situation in Russia caused an about-face in the level of risk that professional investors were willing to tolerate. As long as the International <b>Monetary</b> Fund was willing to bail out countries experiencing economic disarray, investors were comfortable investing in fledgling markets. Russia changed all that. The flight to quality, previously, was out of equities and into bonds, and any bonds qualified,  said Martin Fridson, chief high-yield strategist at Merrill Lynch. Now that flight is much more pronounced because investors want to go all the way to the ultimate quality of U.S. Treasury securities. Nothing in between seems safe enough. What did this new risk aversion...
monetary	1990	It is warm September evening in Washington, D.C., and I am sitting on an outdoor patio at a fashionable restaurant, the Tabard Inn. My companion is Andrea Durbin, director of international programs for Friends of the Earth. She is part of a broad movement that opposed NAFTA (unsuccessfully), helped kill fast-track (Clinton's effort to gain a free hand in negotiating trade pacts), and is now trying to bring the International <b>Monetary</b> Fund to heel. The IMF recently won an $18 billion commitment from Congress to replenish reserves exhausted by the fund's successive bailouts of Thailand, South Korea, Indonesia, and Russia. An unusual alliance of conservatives and radicals forced the fund, as a condition of this new cash infusion, to provide more information about its inner workings, which may make it easier for......
monetary	1990	In fact, this important news item received one-eighth of the space you allocated in that issue to O.J. Simpson's jury selection. It is ironic that while your weekly competitor, the Bay Guardian, last week devoted its cover story to the social and <b>monetary</b> costs of drug prohibition in San Francisco, The Chronicle chose to give the INTERPOL story such cursory treatment. I think a priority shift amongst your news editors is in order. STEVE BAUGHMAN  San Francisco . A NEW OLD APPROACH  Editor --  I think that Huffington represents a new political awareness on the part of the rich. They have discovered that they can apply to politics the old capitalist money-saving maneuver called  cutting out the middleman. Instead of paying lobbyists to petition legislators, they can just...
monetary	1990	It has already made considerable progress toward that end. The December 1996 meeting of the EU Council of Ministers in Dublin emphasized that growth as well as price stability would be an explicit goal of future EMU monetary policy. It also established a new ministerial level  stability council  described as a  complement  or a  counterweight  to the ECB. Although this body falls short of one that could exercise political control over the ECB, it marked a first French success in establishing that <b>monetary</b> policy should be subject to some counterweight and that growth (that is, short-run macroeconomic expansion) as well as price stability should be a goal of EMU policy. At the European summit in Amsterdam in dune 1997, the newly elected French government of Lionel Jospin made further progress. The summit added an employment chapter to the Maastricht Treaty, emphasizing that employment is a parallel goal to price stability. More important, statements by......
monetary	1990	But part of it is the fact that Arab funds to Egypt have been very small compared with its relative importance,  he says. Cairo-based economists expect the coming year to bring even harder news for the already-pressed public. In recent days the Egyptian government has announced price increases of more than 20 percent for a wide range of goods including gasoline, public transport, and electricity. Further price rises are expected in the coming weeks. The austerity measures are part of a tough series of reforms demanded by the International <b>Monetary</b> Fund. For more than three years, Egypt has been negotiating a new agreement to reduce the country's $35 billion foreign debt. Now even people who have......
monetary	1990	There was no talk about Russia's real financial needs, only about highly visible  humanitarian assistance,  such as food credits, which fell far short of Russia's actual needs. At that point the G-7 countries assigned the International <b>Monetary</b> Fund to be the West's agent in Russia's reforms. One should have some sympathy for the organization. It is the only one in the world that has a relatively clear view of how Russia can most effectively reform its economy, and that speaks clearly about the urgent need for Russia to cut its budget deficit and get its monetary policy under control. But it also is an exceedingly cautious bureaucracy, unwilling to take initiatives unless strongly prodded by the leading Western governments. Sure enough, the IMF took its cue...
monetary	1990	And the most impoverished brethren in the group --  Greece, Ireland, Spain and Portugal --  had won the promise of money transfers from the rich states to the poor. <P> The summit in the medieval Dutch town of Maastricht last week, aimed at forging deeper economic and political integration within the European Community, was a qualified success. After two days of heated wrangling, the 12 heads of state and government produced an agreement that took a giant step toward <b>monetary</b> unity, a half step toward strengthening a separate European defense organization, and a baby step toward framing a common foreign and security policy. They also moved toward pursuing joint action in......
monetary	1990	That's a Herculean task and one that I worry about a little more now that Long-Term Capital almost collapsed. Though Long-Term Capital is considered unusual in the size of its bets, the extensive amount it borrowed and the number of markets it entered, there is nothing to prevent other investors from getting into similar predicaments. A report by the International <b>Monetary</b> Fund suggests more problems are lurking. In its annual survey of international capital markets, released this fall, the I.M.F. referred to  ticking time......
monetary	1990	What's more, a congressionally appointed commission, chaired by Stanford economist Michael Boskin, recently reported that the CPI may overstate inflation by as much as 2 full percentage points. With this in mind, the financial markets are turning their attention to Washington, where the Federal Reserve's Open Market Committee meets this week. Fed policy makers will likely discuss whether the time is right to relieve some of the anti-inflationary pressure created by tight <b>monetary</b> policy and boost the economy with an interest-rate cut. Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan has hinted that he is not yet ready to declare victory over inflation and will remain vigilant. Price stability is an ongoing objective,  Greenspan cautioned in a speech last week,  and past successes will not count for much if we mistakenly let down......
monetary	1990	It has already made considerable progress toward that end. The December 1996 meeting of the EU Council of Ministers in Dublin emphasized that growth as well as price stability would be an explicit goal of future EMU monetary policy. It also established a new ministerial level  stability council  described as a  complement  or a  counterweight  to the ECB. Although this body falls short of one that could exercise political control over the ECB, it marked a first French success in establishing that <b>monetary</b> policy should be subject to some counterweight and that growth (that is, short-run macroeconomic expansion) as well as price stability should be a goal of EMU policy. At the European summit in Amsterdam in dune 1997, the newly elected French government of Lionel Jospin made further progress. The summit added an employment chapter to the Maastricht Treaty, emphasizing that employment is a parallel goal to price stability. More important, statements by......
monetary	1990	We talked to the Americans and we talked to the Europeans, but the response was minimal,  said Taher Masri, who was prime minister for five months last year. They seemed to be saying, ' We can't afford you. '   Unlike the Jews coming to Israel from the former Soviet Union, the returning Palestinians do not need to learn a new language or culture, and many have savings from Kuwait. The International <b>Monetary</b> Fund recently estimated that the immigrants brought some $ 475 million with them. ......
monetary	1990	Maastricht makes price stability the primary objective of European monetary policy, paralleling the charter of Germany's Bundesbank. The treaty also provides that the ECB would be independent of all political control by the member states and by European-level political institutions. (Although the treaty states that the ECB will report to the European Parliament, this was intended to follow the Bundesbank tradition of an information report rather than any political oversight. ) These conditions are very much what Germany wants for the ECB and for <b>monetary</b> policy. Because of its historical experience,......
monetary	1990	Is the Japanese economy to be considered efficient because it can export competitively in present circumstances although the living conditions of its workers are extremely poor, even by their own standards? Was our economy more efficient by employing some labor in so-called sweatshop conditions than if, even at greater <b>monetary</b> cost, working conditions had been humane? There is something wrong with our measure of efficiency if we say the sweatshop was more efficient. What is being said here is that the microeconomic analysis of the efficiency of the economy that confines itself to market measures and criteria of efficiency is defective and can be seriously misleading. Our criterion of efficient allocation of resources should explore externalities more fully. We should deal with social versus private costs......
monetary	1990	Lower energy prices held inflation to a moderate gain in August, but prices of clothing and medical care were up, the Labor Department said. The Consumer Price Index rose by a seasonally adjusted 0.2 percent, the same as in July. The 0.2 percent increase was only slightly higher than a 0.1 percent rise forecast by US economists in a recent Reuters survey. The House indicated it will not provide $ 18 billion for the International <b>Monetary</b> Fund - at least for now. GOP strategists said they may conditionally support full funding after a House-Senate conference panel is formed to reconcile rival versions of bills that would replenish IMF coffers depleted by the widening global crisis. That strategy would make IMF funding a potent GOP bargaining chip, analysts said. GOP leaders in the House and Senate discussed up to $ 4......
monetary	1990	After an initial and expected sharp rise in prices, the month-to-month inflation rate is now less than 2 percent and showing signs of decreasing even further. The currency is stable after the initial devaluation. Even before privatization proper has started, new joint ventures and stock companies have secured new commercial foreign investments exceeding $5 billion. In spite of the Government's strict <b>monetary</b> policies, which include tight wage controls, the Government enjoys massive public support. There has been no large-scale social unrest or industrial action. The tripartite talks between the Government, entrepreneurs and unions have so far managed to settle amicably all potential sources of conflict. The majority of the population is strongly committed to the transformation. The process is now entering its structural and adaptive phase. Some industries will have to close, others will have to undergo a costly recapitalization. The unemployment rate, now around 3 percent of...
monetary	1990	An Oct. 15 date was set for the opening of the Microsoft antitrust trial. A US district judge in Washington, D.C., rejected attempts by the company to have him dismiss allegations of illegally preserving and trying to extend a monopoly. The World Senior International <b>Monetary</b> Fund officials - at the invitation of new Prime Minister Yevgeny Primakov - were due in Moscow for urgent discussions on the Russian financial crisis. Primakov said President Yeltsin had OK'd his strategy for rescuing the economy, and the new central-bank chief announced he favored printing more rubles to help pay back wages to millions of Russians but would wait for approval by the bank's new board of directors. Meanwhile, the Agriculture Ministry warned the grain harvest would be the smallest in 40 years. Calm returned to the streets of...
monetary	1990	They have specifically pointed to congressional oversight of the U.S. Federal Reserve as a possible model for such supervision. Although this arrangement may strike a reasonable balance between independence and accountability, parliamentary oversight would clearly be a major shift from the complete independence called for in the Maastricht Treaty, and consequently an area for contention. At present, individual European governments (especially in France and Germany) are suppressing their disagreement about the control of <b>monetary</b> policy to minimize the risk of political disapproval......
monetary	1990	KATE I'm sorry, Joby, but we are trying to perform a play and JOBY I mean it's all just about the theater. Isn't that a little precious? KATE Why? JOBY Well, theater people talking about theater. KATE As opposed to theater people talking about the international <b>monetary</b> fund or the cloning of sheep? p. 13 JOBY Well, is theater culturally important enough to be the subject of a play? RALPH Nice of you to buy a ticket. JOBY Actually, they're comps. RALPH Ah. JOBY I'd think your only hope is to work on a deeply personal and profoundly emotional level. CASEY Well, the thing about the Brits is very emotional. RALPH And plays aren't ordinarily deeply personal until after the exposition. JOBY Oh. CASEY Later on, the play takes...
monetary	1990	The staff all know me here, and it is a great thing to have friends when you travel. Sunday   Brunch at the Cosmos Club in Washington, D.C. with my father and his pals Stanley and Rhoda Fischer. Stanley is a 54-year-old economist who is deputy head of the International <b>Monetary</b> Fund. His wife is a high official at George Washington University. She's very pretty. He has responsibility for bailing out all of the poor countries whose currencies are such a mess. Since the advent of floating rates, the IMF's mission has gotten somewhat cloudy. But I am not really an expert in this area, so I'll just say something about Stanley and Rhoda. Here they are, in positions of incredibly crucial authority. Stanley has a big hunk of all the responsibility, in the...
monetary	1990	Secretary of State Madeleine Albright said she hoped they could clinch a land-and-security deal by Sunday. Clinton signed a temporary spending bill to keep the government running through tomorrow even as White House and congressional negotiators tried to put finishing touches on a compromise $ 500 billion-plus measure to fund much of the government for the rest of the fiscal year. Among other things, negotiators reportedly reached agreement on $ 18 billion for the International <b>Monetary</b> Fund, $ 5.98 billion in emergency aid to farmers, and $ 1.1 billion to hire new teachers. Schools may be safer than last year's outbreak of school shootings led people to believe, a report released yesterday at a White House conference on school violence indicated. Although 16 people died and dozens were wounded in attacks by youngsters during the last......
monetary	1990	Our whole position is that we should forget the past. Let us concern ourselves with the present and the future. Let us build a new South Africa, where there will be peace and mutual confidence among the various population groups. This is not the time for us to be thinking in terms of revenge, in terms of punishing anybody. We are saying let bygones be bygones. What role do you see for international lending institutions? We have Peen having discussions with the World Bank and the International <b>Monetary</b> Fund. I have the impression that they are willing to come in and help us as soon as we are able to invite them. And I take it that U.S. commercial banks are ready to come as soon as we give the signal that sanctions can be lifted. Given the tremendous competition for investment in the world, why should any business invest in South Africa? This country is rich in natural resources. We have a wide variety of precious metals, including gold. ......
monetary	1990	POVERTY IS THE FINAL AFFRONT THAT must be abolished,  Manley says, citing President John E Kennedy's similar line on the subject. I haven't changed my politics. Good medical care, education, housing --  getting these things turned out to be a lot harder than we believed in the 1970s. To learn from and admit mistakes is a signpost of wisdom. One mistake he will not repeat is confronting the United States and the International <b>Monetary</b> Fund. Manley has also distanced himself from Cuban president Fidel Castro, a former friend and confidant. In retrospect, Manley says, the path that he pursued provoked unnecessary conflict with powerful enemies, but without the resources to do battle. A strategist to the core, he  would be less confrontational,  he reflects......
monetary	1990	Throughout this recession, the government's fiscal policy has been handcuffed by record budget deficits that have prevented it from further stimulating the moribund economy. As a result, the Federal Reserve Board, through its <b>monetary</b> policy, has been forced to combat the downturn on its own. Despite repeated interest-rate cuts, however, consistent economic growth remains on hold. This has led worried policy makers --  in the White House and in Congress --  to flaunt a host of alternative measures such as tax cuts. The sad irony is that the Fed's ability to further loosen credit may be hampered because financial markets fear that tax cuts would increase the deficit and possibly kindle inflation. Once again, impulsive politicians, in a frantic effort to patch...
monetary	1990	In 1968, he won nearly 10 million votes for president on the American Independent Party ticket. Wallace was wounded and partially paralyzed by a would-be assassin in 1972 during his third run for the presidency. The World Senior Western diplomats and financial leaders meeting in London on the Russian crisis were likely to be troubled by a policy shift announced by new Prime Minister Yevgeny Primakov, analysts said. Chairing his first Cabinet meeting, Primakov confirmed plans to steer away from the strict <b>monetary</b> reform favored by international lenders and toward social welfare. His No. 1 deputy, Communist former central-planning chief Yuri Maslyukov, said the top priority would be to pay off huge wage and pension debts owed to millions of Russians. Such a move probably would require a......
monetary	1990	At that point the G-7 countries assigned the International Monetary Fund to be the West's agent in Russia's reforms. One should have some sympathy for the organization. It is the only one in the world that has a relatively clear view of how Russia can most effectively reform its economy, and that speaks clearly about the urgent need for Russia to cut its budget deficit and get its <b>monetary</b> policy under control. But it also is an exceedingly cautious bureaucracy, unwilling to take initiatives unless strongly prodded by the leading Western governments. Sure enough, the IMF took its cue from the G-7 last January when it......
monetary	1990	Aside from autos and auto parts, production was up a modest 0.1 percent. The World Expectations that world leaders would take effective action to combat the spreading economic crisis caused financial markets to extend their gains. Stock markets across Latin America - notably in Brazil (18.7 percent), Mexico (13 percent), and Argentina (9 percent) - surged in overnight trading amid speculation that the International <b>Monetary</b> Fund would attempt a rescue package for the region despite its claim of dwindling funds. But in Moscow the ruble fell to as low as 12 to the US dollar in street trading, and there was no word on whether the IMF was ready to release a new $......
monetary	1990	Probably the only effective Federal agenda for aiding the cities is the promotion of national economic growth. The lesson of the past three decades is that central cities ' fiscal fortunes often turn with the national economy. In the slow-growth, high-inflation 1970s, cities rapidly deteriorated; in the prosperous 1980s, they partially revived; but in the recessionary 1990s, cities again are financially strapped. Reducing Federal deficit spending through expenditure control, growth-oriented reductions in payroll and capital gains taxes, a noninflationary <b>monetary</b> policy, and regulatory relief will have a very positive effect on cities. It......
monetary	1990	Maastricht makes price stability the primary objective of European monetary policy, paralleling the charter of Germany's Bundesbank. The treaty also provides that the ECB would be independent of all political control by the member states and by European-level political institutions. (Although the treaty states that the ECB will report to the European Parliament, this was intended to follow the Bundesbank tradition of an information report rather than any political oversight. ) These conditions are very much what Germany wants for the ECB and for <b>monetary</b> policy. Because of its historical experience,......
monetary	1990	That perception is far from correct. If EMU does come into existence, as now seems increasingly likely, it will change the political character of Europe in ways that could lead to conflicts in Europe and confrontations with the United States. The immediate effects of EMU would be to replace the individual national currencies of the participating countries in 2002 with a single currency, the euro, and to shift responsibility for <b>monetary</b> policy from the national central banks to a new European Central Bank (ECB). But the more fundamental long-term effect of adopting a single currency would be the creation of a political union, a European federal state with responsibility for a Europe-wide foreign and security policy as well as for what are now domestic economic and social policies. While the individual governments and key political figures differ in their reasons for wanting a political union, there is no......
monetary	1990	But German opinion differs sharply from the opinions about monetary policy in France and other European countries. The notion of a politically independent central bank is contrary to European traditions. Until recently, when Maastricht required all prospective EMU countries to give their central banks independence, most of the central banks of Europe reported to their ministries of finance, and the finance ministers were at least partially responsible for setting interest rates. The French have been particularly vocal in calling. for political control over <b>monetary</b> policy. In a televised speech just before the 1992 French referendum on the Maastricht Treaty, then-President Francois Mitterrand assured the French public that, contrary to the explicit language of the treaty, European monetary policy would not be under the direction of European central bankers but would be subject to political oversight that, by implication, would be less concerned with inflation and more concerned with unemployment. Mitterrand's statement was a political forecast;......
monetary	1990	Countries that are more concerned about unemployment than inflation might nevertheless be critical of the ECB for not pursuing an even more aggressive expansionary policy. Although countries have been properly reluctant to attempt such policies in recent years, they can regard their decisions not to do so as decisions they made themselves. But with a single currency, such governments would suffer the frustration of not being able to decide for themselves and of being forced to accept the common <b>monetary</b> policy created by the ECB. This general conflict about the governance and character of monetary policy would be exacerbated whenever a country experienced a decline in exports or other type of decline in aggregate demand that led to a cyclical increase in unemployment. The shift to......
monetary	1990	But the attempt to manage a monetary union and the subsequent development of a political union are more likely to have the opposite effect. Instead of increasing intra-European harmony and global peace, the shift to EMU and the political integration that would follow it would be more likely to lead to increased conflicts within Europe and between Europe and the United States. What are the reasons for such conflicts? In the beginning there would be important disagreements among the EMU member countries about the goals and methods of <b>monetary</b> policy. These would be exacerbated whenever the business cycle raised unemployment in a particular country or group of countries. These economic disagreements could contribute to a more general distrust among the European nations. As the political union developed, new conflicts would reflect incompatible expectations about the sharing of power and substantive disagreements over domestic and international policies. Since not all European nations would be part of the monetary and political union, there would be conflicts between the members and nonmembers within......
monetary	1990	INFLATION VERSUS UNEMPLOYMENT  THE ISSUE of who controls monetary policy is closely related to the question of the proper goal of monetary policy. In recent years, because of the Maastricht Treaty's requirements for entering EMU, most countries have resisted the temptation to use monetary policy to reduce unemployment and have followed the Bundesbank in keeping inflation rates below three percent. But once the disciplining example of the Bundesbank is eliminated and <b>monetary</b> policy is made by an ECB in which all member countries vote equally, there is a strong risk that the prevailing sentiment will be for higher inflation. Over the past 12 months, international financial markets have anticipated that outcome by depressing the value of the deutsche mark, the French franc, and the other European currencies that move with them by 25 percent relative to the dollar and the yen. If the German public sees the inflation rate rise under EMU, it......
monetary	1990	But part of it is the fact that Arab funds to Egypt have been very small compared with its relative importance,  he says. Cairo-based economists expect the coming year to bring even harder news for the already-pressed public. In recent days the Egyptian government has announced price increases of more than 20 percent for a wide range of goods including gasoline, public transport, and electricity. Further price rises are expected in the coming weeks. The austerity measures are part of a tough series of reforms demanded by the International <b>Monetary</b> Fund. For more than three years, Egypt has been negotiating a new agreement to reduce the country's $35 billion foreign debt. Now even people who have......
monetary	1990	They have specifically pointed to congressional oversight of the U.S. Federal Reserve as a possible model for such supervision. Although this arrangement may strike a reasonable balance between independence and accountability, parliamentary oversight would clearly be a major shift from the complete independence called for in the Maastricht Treaty, and consequently an area for contention. At present, individual European governments (especially in France and Germany) are suppressing their disagreement about the control of <b>monetary</b> policy to minimize the risk of political disapproval......
monetary	1990	The committee, which will have 27 Republican and 23 Democratic members, has shrunk by only one. The staff, which in 1993 consisted of just under 100 people, will be slashed by about one-third. But the committee's structure will change slightly. The committee, which used to have six subcommittees, will now have five: financial institutions and consumer credit; capital markets, securities and government-sponsored enterprises; housing and community opportunity; general oversight and investigations; and domestic and international <b>monetary</b> policy. Significantly, the......
monetary	1990	It has already made considerable progress toward that end. The December 1996 meeting of the EU Council of Ministers in Dublin emphasized that growth as well as price stability would be an explicit goal of future EMU monetary policy. It also established a new ministerial level  stability council  described as a  complement  or a  counterweight  to the ECB. Although this body falls short of one that could exercise political control over the ECB, it marked a first French success in establishing that <b>monetary</b> policy should be subject to some counterweight and that growth (that is, short-run macroeconomic expansion) as well as price stability should be a goal of EMU policy. At the European summit in Amsterdam in dune 1997, the newly elected French government of Lionel Jospin made further progress. The summit added an employment chapter to the Maastricht Treaty, emphasizing that employment is a parallel goal to price stability. More important, statements by......
monetary	1990	Then there was the agonizing labyrinth of <b>monetary</b> policy to consider, particularly as it related to foreign markets. The boom years of the twenties may have erected a comfortable facade of prosperity in the United States, but it was not mirrored in much of Europe, which remained in a recessionary bog during most of the decade. Great Britain's decision not only to return to the gold standard in 1925 but to maintain the exchange rate of $4.87 to the pound sterling was designed to pull that country out of the postwar doldrums; it turned out to be a little...
monetary	1990	Cooper points out that in a monetary union of the major industrial democracies, each nation could even continue to print its own currency-with its own political symbols-as long as the value of the currency was set by the international system. In the United States, 50 states share a currency and a <b>monetary</b> policy that controls the flow of money; yet currency is issued by 12 different Federal Reserve banks, and each state manages its own fiscal or internal budget policy. A similar model may be emerging in Europe, where a regional bank or other authority would issue the currency and control its supply, while each country would retain control of its fiscal policy. Estimates of......
monetary	1990	Kuchma next astounded friend and foe alike by turning out to be both a real Ukrainian and a real reformer. He made the effort to speak his childhood Ukrainian in public rather than his more fluent adult Russian. He noted archly that the Russian majority on the Crimean peninsula that keeps agitating for union with Moscow accepted Ukrainian sovereignty by voting for him as Ukrainian president. He conspicuously invited to Kiev as his first official visitor, International <b>Monetary</b> Fund Managing Director Michel Camdessus (rather than Russian President Yeltsin). He gradually weeded out the old advisers he had inherited in favor of young, reform-minded ones like Economics Minister Roman Shpek. He welcomed as foreign advisers a......
monetary	1990	When he joined the Fed, he was initially taken aback at the power of the platform he had been given; he still winces when recalling how even his banal public statements moved the financial markets. But he has appeared increasingly comfortable lately in using his position to advance his argument --  both to the public and to other Fed members, who communicate remarkably little among themselves outside their eight meetings a year on <b>monetary</b> policy. While Mr. Greenspan closely studies a combination of long-term historical trends and immediate indicators of what is happening in the real world --  one recent favorite of his has been the rate at which people voluntarily leave their jobs --  Mr. Meyer tends to put more trust in broad formulas. In particular, Mr. Meyer remains a defender of a concept known as the nonaccelerating inflation rate of unemployment, or Nairu. It holds that if the rate......
monetary	1990	It was France's first as well as the first for a host country since 1978. Protestant Orangemen marched peacefully through a Catholic neighborhood of Bel-fast, Northern Ireland, one day after an arson attack that threatened to incite a new round of sectarian unrest in the province. The parade along the Lower Ormeau Road was delayed by a bomb scare but went ahead after Catholics agreed to stage only a  dignified  silent protest in exchange for a promise that marchers would walk to the beat of a single drum. International <b>Monetary</b> Fund officials agreed to a $ 14.8 billion bailout package for Russia's sinking economy that  satisfied both parties,  negotiators said. The IMF would provide $ 12.5 billion, with the World Bank and Japan chipping in $ 1.7 billion and $ 600 million, respectively. The agreement still needed the blessing of IMF officials in Washington and Russia's Communist-led parliament. Reports that Russia will supply anti-aircraft missiles to the Greek Cypriot government were confirmed by their respective......
monetary	2000	Before making the necessary calculations in order to answer this question these two issues must be examined in more detail. Arab Funds (Debt or Grant)  It is important to differentiate between the following three categories of Arab funds:  I. Funds from the GCC, mainly Kuwait, Saudi Arabia and UAE;  II. Debt to non-GCC Arab countries; and  III. Debt to Arab and regional financial and multilateral institutions such as the Arab <b>Monetary</b> Fund (AMF), APICORP, Arab Fund for Economic &; Social Development (AFESD), Islamic Development Bank (IDB......
monetary	2000	Cotton textile production is India's core industrial activity, second only to agriculture in employment, with higher value-added and export earnings than any other form of manufacture. Given its economic weight, and the fact that cotton was a powerful symbol of nationalist protest against British colonialism, the cotton commodity chain --  raw cotton, yarn, fabric, garments --  was one of the most regulated in post-Independence India from 1947 to the mid-1980s. In the 1990s, however, the government of India, at the behest of the International <b>Monetary</b> Fund, implemented a series of neoliberal policies aimed at  freeing up the market  by dismantling the domestic regulatory apparatus and allowing foreign capital and consumer products into the country. The free import of raw cotton is now allowed and the ban on the export of......
monetary	2000	Or demand can lag, and depression occurs. Keynes felt that government should take an active role in regulating supply and demand by manipulating both fiscal policy (how much the government taxes and spends) and <b>monetary</b> policy (how much money creation is allowed). Keynes also held that the size of a country's internal national debt (debt held by its own citizens, instead of foreigners and their governments) did not much matter, as the pluses and minuses would automatically balance out. Keynesianism, as it came to be called, quickly dominated the economics profession. It is not hard to see why. Before Keynes, politicians didn't need economists to help them run the country any more than they needed astronomers. ...
monetary	2000	Abramoff was an officer on the center's board, and during the trip DeLay met with the Russians who were paying large fees to Abramoff. Although the president of the policy center said the group funded the trip, she conceded that an international law firm working to promote the interests of Abramoff's Russian clients covered its costs with a payment of about $165,000. The Russian businessmen were eager to assure that their country's economy was supported by International <b>Monetary</b> Fund loans made from funds contributed by the United States. In 1998, DeLay voted for a foreign aid bill that included funds to replenish the IMF. DeLay......
monetary	2000	Evidence of a similar approach can be found in U.S. economic strategy. Washington has redoubled its efforts in recent years to use the international economic system --  especially the WTO and the International <b>Monetary</b> Fund (IMF) --  to set rules of the game that favor the most technologically advanced and competitive countries. Although this policy may benefit other Group of Seven countries as well, especially relative to the developing world, the United States can be seen as pushing especially hard for greater international openness in specific economic activities where its lead is currently unchallenged. Good examples here would include the WTO's Information Technology Agreement. Basic Telecommunications Agreement, and Financial Services Agreement. In its final year in office, the Clinton administration worked...
monetary	2000	He leaned on the wall with one hand and held the paper up in the other. He threw the paper toward Roth. It fluttered noisily and landed on the black slab. Read it! Gerhard's eyes drilled him. So then maybe there was something to this. Roth picked up the paper, found the article, and slowly read down the column. What if Gerhard was right? What if the relics did exist after all? They would be priceless. But the Stones ' <b>monetary</b> value didn't interest Gerhard -- he already had enough wealth to waste in his final years. Gerhard's obsession was for the journal that had gone missing with the Stones. And......
monetary	2000	The center of international economic gravity was now in the American heartland. Fortunately both for itself and for the rest of the world, the United States did not try to retreat once more into isolation, as it had after World War I. As the world's greatest power, it had an obligation to lead, and it did so. A new world monetary order was established even before the war was over, at a New Hampshire resort called Bretton Woods. The agreement made there set up the International <b>Monetary</b> Fund and the World Bank to help stabilize currencies. The dollar would be fully exchangeable for gold, but only by foreign governments, not by citizens, and it would function as the world's primary reserve currency. This meant that it also became the primary currency of world trade, as it has remained. Today, if, say, Saudi Arabia sells a tanker-load of oil to Japan, the deal is done in......
monetary	2000	But that study, you'll notice, ended in the mid-1990s. Immediately afterward, something seemed to change. Markets, especially in the developed world (North America, Europe and Japan), became more and more correlated. In 2000, for example, the average U.S. large-cap growth fund fell 16.3 percent while the average international fund fell 15.6 percent. A study by Robin Brooks and Luis Catao for the International <b>Monetary</b> Fund looked at the performance of 5,500 stocks in 40 markets over the period 1986-2000. The researchers found that the correlation between returns in American and European stock prices rose from 0.4 in the mid-1990s to 0.8 in 2000. In other words, the movements of U.S. stocks could explain 80......
monetary	2000	Greenspan met more frequently with Treasury officials during the Clinton administration than during the Bush administration, the records show. Smith, who worked at the Clinton Treasury Department before joining the Fed, noted that international economic policymaking was more concentrated at Treasury in the Clinton administration. Since the 1950s, when the Fed's independence was firmly established, its chairmen have generally taken pains to maintain their distance from the executive branch. The Fed's ability to conduct <b>monetary</b> policy without regard to political fallout is thought to be key to its credibility in financial markets. Greenspan has always maintained public contact with administration officials. But the Fed was seen as so independent early in his 17-year tenure as chairman that some in......
monetary	2000	Because the hedging is necessarily imperfect, he adds,  <b>monetary</b> policy will be increasingly unreliable when used to affect investment spending and real activity. What remains is theater, most useful when the threat to be countered is itself dramatic. Greenspan could master the threat to the world economy in 1998 because the reason for the disruption was the previously unimaginable default by Russia on its domestic debt. In January 2001, the decline in economic activity derived from several years of careless investment (especially, though not exclusively, in dot-coms and tele-coms) that did not and would not pay out...
monetary	2000	Instead, he spoke of the need to rigorously assess how federal money is spent in key areas and how to get more value for each dollar and apply it  to the trillions we've spent in foreign aid over the years... what were the goals underlying those expenditures and what were the outcomes. Once that evidence is gathered, O'Neill said, it would be appropriate to examine whether institutions like the World Bank and the International <b>Monetary</b> Fund needed restructuring. The President seemed to nod in affirmation. O'Neill couldn't be sure. Using the same model, O'Neill proffered a structure to assess the value of America's role in international economic crises - such as Mexico in 1995 or Indonesia in 1997. O'Neill was no longer expecting a response. He discussed ways to apply  value analysis  to the reform of health care and shrink federal expenditures, an......
monetary	2000	Even such an impeccably credentialed pro-globalization economist as U.S. Federal Reserve Governor Frederic Mishkin has acknowledged that  opening up the financial system to foreign capital flows has led to some disastrous financial crises causing great pain, suffering, and even violence. The economics profession has failed to offer anything resembling a coherent and compelling response to currency crises. International <b>Monetary</b> Fund (IMF) analysts have, over the past two decades, endorsed a wide variety of national exchange-rate and monetary policy regimes that have subsequently collapsed in failure. They have fingered numerous culprits, from loose fiscal policy and poor bank regulation to bad industrial policy and official corruption. The financial-crisis literature has yielded policy recommendations so exquisitely hedged and widely contradicted as to be practically useless. Antiglobalization economists have......
monetary	2000	In 1993 and 1993, commodity prices started moving higher, a sign that the Fed's <b>monetary</b> policy was starting to work,  he says. In 2003 and 2004, commodity prices started rising amid a global economic boom. In 1994, the Fed started raising interest rates to head off inflationary pressures. In 2004, it did the same thing. Both times, despite fears of inflation picking up, it remained remarkably subdued,  he says. The Fed stopped raising rates in 1995 and I think they will do so again in 2006,  Yardeni says. The second...
monetary	2000	Most other governments in the world --  from New Delhi to Seoul to Washington --  have reacted to the economic crisis by slashing interest rates, cutting taxes and pumping up spending on infrastructure. Pakistan is doing just the opposite, though: raising interest rates and cutting government spending. Those are the terms of a $7.5 billion loan it secured in November from the International <b>Monetary</b> Fund, which demanded Pakistan's government control its budget deficit and bring inflation down from its 20% pace. The IMF acknowledged that the  measures could further intensify existing social tensions. One solution would be to collect more taxes, but that's not easy in a country that, in a recent ranking of perceived corruption levels by the Berlin-based organization Transparency International, came in 134th among 180 countries, with 180th being the most corrupt. Meanwhile, cutting defense spending is next to......
monetary	2000	So the talk at BIS too is about  transparency,  letting the markets know what each central bank is doing, and urging every nation's commercial banks to publish considerable though significantly incomplete information about their investments and off-balance-sheet activities. The transparency push, originated with the world's finance ministers and the International <b>Monetary</b> Fund, was led by the American Susan Krause, then senior deputy comptroller for international affairs in the U.S. Office of the......
monetary	2000	So far, nobody has suggested that Argentina's crisis might be solved by a smack of military discipline. But more disorder could change that judgment. <P> Then there's the risk of what Caroline Atkinson, a former senior U.S. Treasury official now at the Council on Foreign Relations, calls  policy contagion. Duhalde has been critical of the free-trade, free-market policies that, under the tutelage of the U.S. and the International <b>Monetary</b> Fund, Argentina has adopted in the past decade. Last week Duhalde committed his government to  the unrestricted defense of national interests. Said the President:  No one wants a return to the old protectionism, but we need to protect our own. Right now Argentina looks like a great, unenviable mess, but if Duhalde really does adopt populist, nationalist policies, he may have imitators --  especially in Brazil, which holds a presidential election later this......
monetary	2000	It is well organized, analytical, and balanced. With regard to U.S. economic strategy in the Asia-Pacific, I believe Washington's objectives include at least the following: broadening market access for U.S. goods and services, expanding the group of market economies, promoting regime building and multilateralism, and keeping the United States engaged and dominant in regional economic activities. Washington's attitude during the 1990s toward proposals for an East Asian Economic Caucus (initiated by Malaysia) and an Asian <b>Monetary</b> Fund (sponsored by Japan) reveals that the United States is determined to prevent the emergence of any regional economic group in East Asia that excludes the United States and embraces Japan's leadership. As noted by Moore, the promotion of political change is supposed to be an inherent mission of U.S. economic strategy in the region. However, as reflected in the debate in Washington......
monetary	2000	The display of outrage was the climax of a tense situation that had been building for many years. By early December 2001, Argentina was struggling with severe unemployment, record-breaking levels of poverty, and a government and economic system in ruins. After more than 10 years of what had appeared to be economic stability, Argentina defaulted on more than $140 billion in loans from the international lending community, including the International <b>Monetary</b> Fund (IMF), the World Bank and private investors from all over the world. This massive default caused Argentina's economy to crash and prompted the banks to put an immediate freeze on accounts. ......
monetary	2000	Then David Folkerts-Landau,  Global Head  of Emerging Markets Research, formerly director of capital markets research for the International <b>Monetary</b> Fund, presented his paper on why the current behavior patterns of the international banks and their supervisors, especially in the creation and valuation of derivatives, made crises worse. Volcker called everybody's attention to Folkerts-Landau's paper, both at the Deutsche Bank meeting and at the Group of Thirty conference the following Monday. Russia had defaulted in August, telling foreign investors in its government debt that they could go whistle for their money. Long Term Capital Management (LTCM) of Greenwich, Connecticut, the biggest of the...
monetary	2000	The candidate who wins the most support in the first round of voting has made his name criticizing the nation's power elite. But the results are accepted by all, and the country begins a three-week campaign before the top two candidates square off in a second round. <P> Worth raising a glass to, right? But all last week's election in Brazil got from Wall Street was a Bronx cheer. The Brazilian currency, the real, continued a slide that, apart from a brief rally after an International <b>Monetary</b> Fund (IMF) rescue package last August, has gone on all year. In the markets, interest......
monetary	2000	This conditioning ought to make market reactions to <b>monetary</b> policy changes somewhat more predictable, thereby creating a virtuous circle... And that makes it possible to do a better job of managing the economy. It is not clear that the Fed's staff, which has great influence on Greenspan (he says much more interesting things on the road than he does when he speaks from his office), has signed off on the values of transparency. The Fed in recent years has asked Congress to strengthen bank secrecy laws, increasing, for example, the penalties on anyone...
monetary	2000	Or demand can lag, and depression occurs. Keynes felt that government should take an active role in regulating supply and demand by manipulating both fiscal policy (how much the government taxes and spends) and <b>monetary</b> policy (how much money creation is allowed). Keynes also held that the size of a country's internal national debt (debt held by its own citizens, instead of foreigners and their governments) did not much matter, as the pluses and minuses would automatically balance out. Keynesianism, as it came to be called, quickly dominated the economics profession. It is not hard to see why. Before Keynes, politicians didn't need economists to help them run the country any more than they needed astronomers. ...
monetary	2000	Instead, he spoke of the need to rigorously assess how federal money is spent in key areas and how to get more value for each dollar and apply it  to the trillions we've spent in foreign aid over the years... what were the goals underlying those expenditures and what were the outcomes. Once that evidence is gathered, O'Neill said, it would be appropriate to examine whether institutions like the World Bank and the International <b>Monetary</b> Fund needed restructuring. The President seemed to nod in affirmation. O'Neill couldn't be sure. Using the same model, O'Neill proffered a structure to assess the value of America's role in international economic crises - such as Mexico in 1995 or Indonesia in 1997. O'Neill was no longer expecting a response. He discussed ways to apply  value analysis  to the reform of health care and shrink federal expenditures, an......
monetary	2000	If it doesn't start paying for value instead of volume, it will destroy the culture of the organizations with the best care. We might have to start doing more procedures just to stay in business. Are We the Change He Seeks? In the coming weeks, millions of dollars will be spent on the health-care debate because trillions of dollars are at stake. Lobbyists are already warning that Obamacare will empower bureaucrats to reject new drugs and procedures on the basis of shadowy cost-effectiveness formulas that place a <b>monetary</b> value on life. Ads will soon transform the seemingly innocuous push for comparative research into a nightmarish vision of Big Government telling doctors what to do, suppressing......
monetary	2000	Before making the necessary calculations in order to answer this question these two issues must be examined in more detail. Arab Funds (Debt or Grant)  It is important to differentiate between the following three categories of Arab funds:  I. Funds from the GCC, mainly Kuwait, Saudi Arabia and UAE;  II. Debt to non-GCC Arab countries; and  III. Debt to Arab and regional financial and multilateral institutions such as the Arab <b>Monetary</b> Fund (AMF), APICORP, Arab Fund for Economic &; Social Development (AFESD), Islamic Development Bank (IDB......
monstrous	1810	Each breast becomes the seat of passions dire, Like those, which doom their victims to the fire, When savages infernal offerings make, Of captives writhing round a burning stake. NARCISSA. But cards may serve some purpose to amuse, When not devoted to the gambler's views, And one must learn to shuffle, cut and deal, Or be accounted <b>monstrous</b> ungenteel. MENTOR. But here again as murderers of time, The culprits stand pre-eminent in crime. Whoso, by satan's counsel and assistance, Robs me of time, deprives me of existence, (' T is plain as proof from holy writ to me,) And is a murderer in the first degree. Cards then as truly act the felon's part, As if they pierc'd their victims through the heart, And each malicious maculated elf Has kill'd......
monstrous	1820	To obviate the effects of my infatuation, the same means had been used. In my dream, he that tempted me to my destruction was my brother. Death was ambushed in my path. From what evil was I now rescued? What minister or implement of ill was shut up in this recess? Who was it whose suffocating grasp I was to feel, should I dare to enter it? What <b>monstrous</b> conception is this? my brother! No; protection, and not injury is his province. Strange and terrible chimera! Yet it would not be suddenly dismissed. It was surely no vulgar agency that gave this form to my fears. He to......
monstrous	1820	To obviate the effects of my infatuation, the same means had been used. In my dream, he that tempted me to my destruction was my brother. Death was ambushed in my path. From what evil was I now rescued? What minister or implement of ill was shut up in this recess? Who was it whose suffocating grasp I was to feel, should I dare to enter it? What <b>monstrous</b> conception is this? my brother! No; protection, and not injury is his province. Strange and terrible chimera! Yet it would not be suddenly dismissed. It was surely no vulgar agency that gave this form to my fears. He to......
monstrous	1830	Are these passions --  cherished, fortified, enthroned in the heart as they are, to be weakened and expelled by the love of money? Let those cherish such hopes who can shut out the glorious sun at noon-day, and illuminate themselves with rushlights. For one I disclaim all respect for such childish absurdity, and cowardly good nature. If man is not a soulless brute, the whole system of slavery, in all its parts, by whatsoever circumstances surrounded, and by whomsoever upheld, is a <b>monstrous</b> sin, a most comprehensive and damning iniquity, for which it is downright treason against God to offer the shadow of an apology......
monstrous	1830	Lo! the town-crier again, with some new secret for the public ear. Will he tell us of an auction, or of a lost pocketbook, or a show of beautiful wax figures, or of some <b>monstrous</b> beast more horrible than any in the caravan? I guess the latter. See how he uplifts the bell in his right hand, and shakes it slowly at first, then with a hurried motion, till the clapper seems to strike both sides at once, and the sounds are scattered forth in quick succession, far and near. Ding-dong! Ding-dong! Ding-dong! Now he raises his clear, loud voice, above all the din of the town; it drowns the buzzing talk of many tongues, and draws each...
monstrous	1840	The names of things begun to sound <b>monstrous</b> queer to my republican ears, and the red and gold crowns what was painted on the cabin dores, and was sticken about in different places on the bote whar the eagle ought to be, looked odd enuff; but I didn't find that they made the bote go any faster, or that my clothes got any tighter for me, because I was on a British Sovereign of the royal line gwine to Kingston. One don't see very much to interest him on the lake, as what little is to...
monstrous	1840	These failed, it is true, and sank into the waters; but such an event implied no sort of risk to these fearless warriors. They were soon picked up by their comrades, only to renew, in this or in other forms, their gallant but unsuccessful efforts. But these efforts might yet be successful. Ships in those days were not the <b>monstrous</b> palaces which they are in ours. An agile form, under favouring circumstances, might easily clamber up their sides; and such was the equal activity and daring of the savages, as......
monstrous	1840	If we do not restrict ourselves to that extent, we will at least become more moderate. A robe, a la Grecque, has been introduced into town, is greatly admired, and somewhat worn. But alas for the persons of quality who have wens on their necks! You contrive to hide this deformity by your cardinal-hoods. But what will you do with the next person of quality who has <b>monstrous</b> ankles? The wen must then go bare! Our people have got the good graces of the Quakers! four of whom have come to reside here, with hands full of industry, and purses full of money; and they are interested members of Christ-Church. We have had the staunchest concurrence, a munificent sympathy, a most effective aid. Names, which if it could be, I should like to have published to the world, are blazoned here on Livingston hills, and storied in Livingston hearts; Judge Morgridge...
monstrous	1840	The tender shoots are cultivated for food, and are, when four or five inches high, boiled, pickled, and comfited, but not the tender buds and flowers, cut like asparagus ' as represented by Murray. The roots are carved into fantastic images of men, birds, monkeys, of <b>monstrous</b> perversions of animated nature: cut into lantern handles or canes, or turned into oval sticks for worshipers to divine whether the gods will......
monstrous	1840	Ferguson. Ferguson. But was there not some whisper of a secret Touching this Norman Maurice, which, if true, Would render any messages of honor, Impossible, to him! Blasinghame. Blasinghame. I did not hear; --  Unfold your budget. Ferguson. Ferguson. Harry Matthews, there, Speaks of a secret in his friend's possession, That's fatal to this man! Blasinghame. Blasinghame. Ha! out with it! ' Twill save a <b>monstrous</b> trouble in our wigwam; For, to say truth, this man is popular, Grows every day in strength in the assembly, And, I confess to you, I have my......
monstrous	1840	If we do not restrict ourselves to that extent, we will at least become more moderate. A robe, a la Grecque, has been introduced into town, is greatly admired, and somewhat worn. But alas for the persons of quality who have wens on their necks! You contrive to hide this deformity by your cardinal-hoods. But what will you do with the next person of quality who has <b>monstrous</b> ankles? The wen must then go bare! Our people have got the good graces of the Quakers! four of whom have come to reside here, with hands full of industry, and purses full of money; and they are interested members of Christ-Church. We have had the staunchest concurrence, a munificent sympathy, a most effective aid. Names, which if it could be, I should like to have published to the world, are blazoned here on Livingston hills, and storied in Livingston hearts; Judge Morgridge...
monstrous	1860	Slavery, therefore, was not only justifiable; it was the only possible condition on which free society could be organized, and liberal institutions maintained. This was the corner stone ' of the new confederacy. The opposite system in the free States, at the first touch of internal trouble and civil war, would prove the truth of the new theory by bread riots and agrarian overthrow of property and of all other institutions held sacred in the true conditions of social order. Such was the <b>monstrous</b> inversion of social phenomena which the Southern mind accepted atthe hands of their leadingmen, and conceived to be possible in this advanced age of the world. Seizing upon a system compatible only with the earliest steps in the progress of man, and suitable only to the moral sentiments and unenlightened ideas of the most backward races of the world, they undertook to naturalize and establish it-nay, to perpetuate it, and to build up society on......
monstrous	1870	Yet this is to be invaded by our selfish and capricious desires. Are the plans of Omniscience less completely developed here? We are told that it is <b>monstrous</b> presumption for us to ask any change in the action of physical forces, which are ordered by divine wisdom and working out the divine purposes. It is to impugn the wisdom of the Infinite, to set up our finite knowledge against Omniscience, to ask Him to revise His plan of government at our suggestion. But are the forces of the external world, the laws which govern the wind and the rain, more the work of the Eternal Wisdom than the mind and moral nature of man, arid the laws which...
monstrous	1990	One terrible cry after another pierces the air as the crew is swept overboard. (Snelgrave motions for Bunce to stand beside him and rock back and forth with him. After some initial hesitation, Bunce does so. ) To lessen the resistance to the fiendish wind and keep her from capsizing, three of our best crawl on deck with axes and climb aloft to cut away the fore topmast and the bowsprit ropes. p. 13 BUNCE And as they hack at the mast, a <b>monstrous</b> wave, three times the size of the rig, whacks the starboard and snaps the foremast like a stick, and carries it with one of the sailors into the sea. The second is crushed MR. WILLIAM SNELGRAVE (Continues for......
monstrous	1990	Day breaks at 5:30, and two hours later we're standing on the summit of the Tacul. It's a razor-sharp June day, as clear as it gets. We pick out the Matterhorn, 80 miles off, and the Eiger, 100 miles away in the Bernese Oberland. The scary view is straight down: the Gervasutti Couloir, bulging and dropping like the face of some <b>monstrous</b> wave, then bottoming out 2,700 vertical feet below on the floor of the glacier. A few minutes before eight, Tardivel......
monstrous	1990	A remarkable writing by any standard, the letter subsequently acquired an international status when it appeared in Latin as part of Johannes Sleidanus's widely-read De state religionis et reipublic ((e, Carlo Quinti, commentarii (1557). No less than Knox's famous unionist tract, the First Blast of the Trumpet against the <b>Monstrous</b> Regiment of Women (1558), at junctures develops strikingly similar arguments to those found in the Epistle ' and it is hard not to think that Knox found inspiration from it. Subsequently the letter would feature prominently in the writings on union of such major Scottish intellects as Robert Pont, Thomas Craig, and David Hume of Godscroft.18 There was a great deal of Scottish thought about a British union during the later sixteenth century, and, unarguably, Somerset's evocative tract was important to much......
monstrous	1990	Jerry watched this for a moment without much interest, but then the little girl, Hazel, who was sitting on his knee, started to cry. Jerry finished the wine, set the little girl down, and walked across the road. He hit one man over the head with the wine bottle, saying,  Stop makin noise. And he turned and walked back to the house. By this time everyone in the house had scattered. The little girls? to Jerry, there always seemed to be a <b>monstrous</b> number of them? all ran to their back rooms and hid. Alvin also ran and when Jerry went back into the kitchen only Lucy was there. Jerry sucked at his bleeding right hand, and she ran to get something to wrap it. | In Alvin's home, during that summer......
monstrous	1990	Like most Monastirials, Elijah Salomo was also graced with a talent for tinkering, and in time he perfected the <b>monstrous</b> apparatus of wooden wheels, shanks and straps that connected the projector to the millstone. The transmission had no coupling or flywheel, and so strong winds sometimes accelerated the plots of love films, while funny movies brought clouds and rain to the city. And that, too, of course, infuriated the believers. Elijah saw every film several times and quickly learned to read the lips of the silent actors. His grasp was so sharp and fine that he succeeded in reciting their speeches in total synchronization with the picture. ...
monstrous	1990	But by now the pounding has become too terrible for him to even consider listening for voices. It is a racket beyond control, rage or panic desperately unleashed, like someone beating at the lid of a coffin. He covers his ears. It seems impossible that the doors can continue to withstand such a battering. And if one of them should give --  split by the fury of blows --  would all the pressure from beneath come gushing through that single doorway, spouting like a <b>monstrous</b> wave into the sky, then storming down, crushing, drowning, sucking the surface......
monstrous	1990	Day breaks at 5:30, and two hours later we're standing on the summit of the Tacul. It's a razor-sharp June day, as clear as it gets. We pick out the Matterhorn, 80 miles off, and the Eiger, 100 miles away in the Bernese Oberland. The scary view is straight down: the Gervasutti Couloir, bulging and dropping like the face of some <b>monstrous</b> wave, then bottoming out 2,700 vertical feet below on the floor of the glacier. A few minutes before eight, Tardivel......
monstrous	1990	When rumors about imminent retirements sweep through the collecting community on the Web's several dozen Beanie sites, the stampeding among collectors would make Tabasco feel right at home. How did the toys spawn such a <b>monstrous</b> presence in two short years, like the cuddly Gremlins in the film that a child accidentally gets wet? Other companies have tried straddling the primary and secondary markets before, most successfully Swatch. The Swiss watch manufacturer, which introduced its rapidly changing, fashion-pulse product line of inexpensive watches in 1986, subsumed its own collectors officially in 1990 with Swatch the Club, which has more than 120,000 members internationally. Now, Swatch can orchestrate collectors as well as sell to them, with limited-edition presale product announcements and sponsored events...
monstrous	1990	Day breaks at 5:30, and two hours later we're standing on the summit of the Tacul. It's a razor-sharp June day, as clear as it gets. We pick out the Matterhorn, 80 miles off, and the Eiger, 100 miles away in the Bernese Oberland. The scary view is straight down: the Gervasutti Couloir, bulging and dropping like the face of some <b>monstrous</b> wave, then bottoming out 2,700 vertical feet below on the floor of the glacier. A few minutes before eight, Tardivel......
monstrous	1990	That and the sough of that labored pump, that constant inhalation, were the only sounds within the chamber as I stood, anxious, alarmed but at last impressed by this beached creature, cast up from a clark landfall. The thing was a gelatinous cripple, an octopus without limbs, an amphibian stranded, unable to undulate and seep back to an ocean sewer from which it had inched itself in <b>monstrous</b> waves and gusts of lungs and eruptions of corrupt gas until now it lay, featureless, with a mere x-ray ghost of legs, arms, wrists and hands with skeletal fingers. At last I could discern at the far end of this......
monstrous	1990	A remarkable writing by any standard, the letter subsequently acquired an international status when it appeared in Latin as part of Johannes Sleidanus's widely-read De state religionis et reipublic ((e, Carlo Quinti, commentarii (1557). No less than Knox's famous unionist tract, the First Blast of the Trumpet against the <b>Monstrous</b> Regiment of Women (1558), at junctures develops strikingly similar arguments to those found in the Epistle ' and it is hard not to think that Knox found inspiration from it. Subsequently the letter would feature prominently in the writings on union of such major Scottish intellects as Robert Pont, Thomas Craig, and David Hume of Godscroft.18 There was a great deal of Scottish thought about a British union during the later sixteenth century, and, unarguably, Somerset's evocative tract was important to much......
monstrous	1990	One terrible cry after another pierces the air as the crew is swept overboard. (Snelgrave motions for Bunce to stand beside him and rock back and forth with him. After some initial hesitation, Bunce does so. ) To lessen the resistance to the fiendish wind and keep her from capsizing, three of our best crawl on deck with axes and climb aloft to cut away the fore topmast and the bowsprit ropes. p. 13 BUNCE And as they hack at the mast, a <b>monstrous</b> wave, three times the size of the rig, whacks the starboard and snaps the foremast like a stick, and carries it with one of the sailors into the sea. The second is crushed MR. WILLIAM SNELGRAVE (Continues for......
monstrous	2000	He wore an open-collared shirt and looked directly into the camera with inquisitive eyes. The woman, on the other hand, had been photographed from twenty or thirty feet. She was more of a girl than a woman and stood under a palm tree holding a sunhat while gazing out at the ocean. Thin, tall, and intense, she had the look of both privilege and vulnerability. What did the nuns tell you? Manly said. I was what used to be called a <b>monstrous</b> birth. I don't know what they call it now, but then it was a child so malformed it endangers the mother, and will likely die even if born alive......
monstrous	2000	Blasphemy! he cried and flung himself from the room. His ill temper had not softened since, but she preferred it more than she could say to his <b>monstrous</b> ardor. Now, in their solar, he pulled her up by her arms and dragged her from the bed without warning. She made an effort to stand upright but stumbled backward. Only a wooden chair behind her kept her from sprawling. At her seeming retreat, Maelgwyn's hands dropped to his sides. His blue eyes glinted in the light of the tallow candle flickering on the table near the chamber's closed door. Cast into ghostly relief by the candlelight, a dark vein pulsed at his temple. He...
monstrous	2000	All those transcripts. What if he comes looking for me when he realizes that ' Amber ' wasn't on that flight? What's he gon na do? Maybe I could string him along for a few more days. Keep him off guard. You know, tell him my <b>monstrous</b> parents caught me at the airport, dragged me off the plane, and TriState forgot to take me off the manifest... Something like that. Grant shook his head as the dark blue BMW rounded a curve and exited the airport grounds. Too risky. From this point on, we won't know when he catches on, or what he might do. If he brings in his fellow cops now and tells them that he's been investigating on-line identity theft, well... His story isn't all...
monstrous	2000	He rubbed his eyes. The gesture seemed to be a tic of which he was aware. After a while he continued. I had drunk my baby whiskey, so I asked the girl if she would reconsider and join me while I had a second larger drink. No, but she would have another coffee. She wanted to continue reviewing her notes. That was all right with me; no is no. Meanwhile, since she had really launched me into orbit, I continued my own review of my <b>monstrous</b> predicament. There was no doubt that I had become a novelist honestly, thinking there was a world of stories in my head waiting to be told, and that I knew how to tell them. ......
monstrous	2000	Blasphemy! he cried and flung himself from the room. His ill temper had not softened since, but she preferred it more than she could say to his <b>monstrous</b> ardor. Now, in their solar, he pulled her up by her arms and dragged her from the bed without warning. She made an effort to stand upright but stumbled backward. Only a wooden chair behind her kept her from sprawling. At her seeming retreat, Maelgwyn's hands dropped to his sides. His blue eyes glinted in the light of the tallow candle flickering on the table near the chamber's closed door. Cast into ghostly relief by the candlelight, a dark vein pulsed at his temple. He...
monstrous	2000	He rubbed his eyes. The gesture seemed to be a tic of which he was aware. After a while he continued. I had drunk my baby whiskey, so I asked the girl if she would reconsider and join me while I had a second larger drink. No, but she would have another coffee. She wanted to continue reviewing her notes. That was all right with me; no is no. Meanwhile, since she had really launched me into orbit, I continued my own review of my <b>monstrous</b> predicament. There was no doubt that I had become a novelist honestly, thinking there was a world of stories in my head waiting to be told, and that I knew how to tell them. ......
monstrous	2000	He wore an open-collared shirt and looked directly into the camera with inquisitive eyes. The woman, on the other hand, had been photographed from twenty or thirty feet. She was more of a girl than a woman and stood under a palm tree holding a sunhat while gazing out at the ocean. Thin, tall, and intense, she had the look of both privilege and vulnerability. What did the nuns tell you? Manly said. I was what used to be called a <b>monstrous</b> birth. I don't know what they call it now, but then it was a child so malformed it endangers the mother, and will likely die even if born alive......
popular	1820	To this alone do we owe all the mighty efforts of commerce; and what Ii 0hts, what a general diffusion of generous feeling and multipled means of human happiness, has it not everywhere spread? It was some such reasoning as this that we looked for from the pen of I) r Cooper. We know he is an absolute foe to every one of the principles in the old selfish system of political economy. He should have shown it here. In a text book every <b>popular</b> argument against an important doctrine ought to be met and answered. If it be l) assed unnoticed, it will be thought by......
popular	1830	The condition of the whole country would be like that of Kentucky when she adopted her  relief laws. The people would clamor for the issue of paper money by the State Governments, and a worse system than the present might be adopted, if a worse be possible. Public opinion in the United States, when it once takes root, runs so rapidly to maturity, that this caution is not unnecessary. Some who are now living may see the time when the <b>popular</b> feeling against the Banking system will be stronger than the feeling ever......
popular	1830	The nature of these had, --  as I remarked before, * good deal of influence upon the results of the victory. If the allied monarchs had succeeded in any preceding period, or in any other way, they would doubtless have crushed the Revolution at every point where it had obtained the ascendancy, and in France, particularly, its he quarters and principal seat, would have restored the ancient system in all its purity. But as they had finally effected their object in a great degree by the aid of the <b>popular</b> feeling and in the name of independence, justice, and the rights of man, they could not, with consistency, nor did they, under the impressions of the moment, desire to keep them entirely out of view in making their arrangements for a general......
popular	1830	This necessary difference of <b>popular</b> feeling here referred to will be manifest on a slight reflection upon the view just presented, of the general difference of characteristic between the two contests. The acknow. ' ledged difference, both of kind and degree between the personal pop. ' ularity of the gallant old veteran who directed the late administration, and......
popular	1840	There must be keeping of accounts, which is of the same nature, and equally indispensable. And, if I may be allowed to say a word in behalf of my own calling, there is the poor author, but for whom the press would stand still; and whose labour is not the least exhausting of the whole. Yet he is the very one who, according to some of the <b>popular</b> doctrines of the day, should be denied the name and credit of a working-man! In every extensive manufactory, the carter, drayman, or porter, is not more necessary than the clerk or book-keeper. The conductor of a railroad train, though he does little or nothing with his hands, is as needful as the brake-man or engineer. The skilful director of a cotton-mill, who......
popular	1850	When night was come, Glanmoregain again made his appearance, having previously extended an invitation, to escort the general to the opera. And as Tickler was about to perform so important a part in his project, he could do no less than invite him also. Vain of the importance he imagined himself possessing in the eyes of the public, the general was with some difficulty restrained from mounting his uniform, which he held necessary, lest he be confounded with some ordinary individual without claim to <b>popular</b> favor. Having persuaded him to forego this unnecessary display, the three sallied out together, and soon arrived at what......
popular	1890	I desire to give a short historical statement, without a long argument, to prove that the history, as I read it, must be accepted as the final basis for construing the Fourteenth Amendment. It is certainly much to be doubted whether the Supreme Court would construe as an abridgment or denial of the suffrage an act which makes the right to vote dependent on ability to read. That tribunal has handled all the nationalizing legislation of the reconstruction period in a gingerly manner, and has persistently refused to be infected with the <b>popular</b> enthusiasm for centralization and vigorous law which was a natural consequent of the suppression of the rebellion. A bare majority of the court in the Slaughter - House cases put meaning upon the woi4s  privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States  which would have surprised many of the Republican members of the Congress which was responsible for the expression. The conservative tendencies of the court may even more palpably......
popular	1990	The language regarding the role of the armed forces in maintaining internal order and upholding the laws was identical. So, too, was the ritualistic prescription:  the armed forces are essentially obedient; they may not deliberate  (Arts. 139, 140). One important addition, however, stipulated that  any act of Congress... or the Executive Power, taken under the influence of military intervention or <b>popular</b> tumult, is null......
popular	1990	It was fantastic to watch them dance,  Ms. Marin recalled. I have never seen anyone dance the tango as well as they did. You know, in those days, everyone gathered around the table for meals and then people would start singing. It was real popular culture. Guitars, songs, dancing. It's like that in all <b>popular</b> cultures --  singing and dancing together. I was only 8 when I sang in public for the first time. At around the same age, though, Ms. Marin began ballet lessons at the Toulouse Conservatory and was soon plunged into a world of rules and rigor. She took to this too. Only 10 years later, when she joined the corps de ballet at the Strasbourg Opera Ballet, did she discover modern dance. In 1970, she jumped at a chance to study at Maurice Bejart's school,...
popular	1990	Amid this new demand for black art, prices have escalated accordingly. A decade ago, it was unheard of that works by blacks or African-Americans would sell for $100,000,  says noted black art historian and consultant David Driskell, professor of art at the University of Maryland in College Park. That record was shattered in 1981, when the Thankful Poor, an oil by Henry Ossawa Tanner, auctioned for more than $280,000. The painting was bought by Bill Cosby. Today, works by the <b>popular</b> artist Romare Bearden, who died in 1987, sell for more than $60,000. Jacob Lawrence can command up to $75,000 or more for his work, and in 1989, the Barnett-Aden Collection, a group of 142 works by 60 of the world's best-known 19th and 20th-century black artists, was sold for a phenomenal $6 million to the Florida Endowment Fund for Higher Education, an agency that provides money for college scholarships to minority students. Though prices for African-American art have escalated......
popular	1990	In retrospect, it seems odd that rock fans would travel halfway across the country and pay $150 a ticket to be treated worse than illegal Cuban refugees. <P> On the other hand, what happened at Woodstock ' 99 (arson, pillaging, freelance mayhem) was much in the spirit of the music and of the occasion itself, which, for all the tie-dyed shirts, peace signs, long hair and dope, was only a venal shadow of an irrecoverable ghost. <P> A tamer glimpse of <b>popular</b> culture now: thrashing in the mosh pit in front of the stage, from which security people would occasionally rescue a naked girl, her clothes ripped away by enthusiasts as she incautiously body-surfed the pit. From the stage, Fred Durst, singer for the aggressively untalented rap-metal band Limp Bizkit, made it explicit: he instructed the audience to  start some s. Which some of the audience obediently did, scaling the sound tower and ripping away......
popular	1990	After days of tension, in which the superpowers came closer to nuclear war than at any other time before or since, Khrushchev ordered ships containing Soviet warheads to turn back in return for secret promises to remove U.S. missiles from Turkey and a renunciation of plans to invade Cuba. In June 1963, in a speech at American University, Kennedy proclaimed a new era of what would come to be known as detente. The sense of relief was audible in the <b>popular</b> culture. Movies like Fail Safe and Seven Days in May, which took seriously the possibility of nuclear war and military......
popular	1990	Technologists speak of the  navigational systems  necessary to guide us through this uncharted realm. The advent of this new technological sphere meets the needs of a national culture which, as Brenda Laurel suggests, finds contemporary reality  too small for the human imagination  (quoted in Rheingold, 1991, p. 391). Few of us have donned goggles and powergloves to become settlers of this new cyberspace, although both heroic and nightmarish accounts of virtual reality proliferate in <b>popular</b> culture. Many of us have, however, interacted with digitalized space through Nintendo? games. We felt it might be productive to take seriously for a moment these metaphors of  new worlds......
popular	1990	Even admirers of Jung's work find his explanations of the link between psyche and spirit sometimes fuzzy and inconsistent. Says Richard Smoley, editor of the San Francisco-based journal Gnosis: There is something fundamentally problematical about mixing the two. '  Jungian analysts, hypersensitive to the psychiatrist's reputation as a mystic, often sidestep the religion ' question and tend to steer away from Jung's wilder theoretical notions --  his discussions of astrology and UFOs, for example. Some analysts worry that the spread of Jungian terminology in <b>popular</b> culture is already resulting in the oversimplification of complicated ideas. A lot of things are done in the name of Jung that would make the old man roll around in his grave, '......
popular	1990	We provide the funds, the site, the facilities, the equipment and the product to set up the business,  says Ron Kovach, Eurostar general merchandise manager. He says Eurostar's $30,000 investment is repaid gradually, while some proceeds are funneled back into the Amer-I-Can program for scholarships and additional training. The Maxine Waters Employment Preparation Center's Counseling Assessment Mentoring Placement Services (CAMPS) program helps about 60 youths receive basic education skills and job training. And Solo Joint Inc., the BE 100s manufacturer of <b>popular</b> Cross Colours apparel, has joined the Common Ground Foundation to develop programs to support teen mothers and keep inner-city kids in school. Will this initial experiment......
popular	1990	Just before Christmas, Houston will be seen in Waiting to Exhale, the movie adaptation of Terry McMillan's <b>popular</b> novel about the lives of four black women. The sound track, containing three numbers by Houston, has just arrived in the stores and is already racking up hefty sales. In January Houston starts shooting The Preacher's Wife, a remake of the 1947 Cary Grant --  Loretta Young comedy The Bishop's Wife, co-starring Denzel Washington, and she's at work on a gospel sound track for the film. Meanwhile, in search of projects to produce as well as star in, Houston has signed a development deal with...
popular	2000	Merchants relied heavily on contacts in Mauritius for merchandise until the 1890s. The Mauritian firm of Ajum Goolam Hoosen and Co., for example, supplied dahl, ghee, dates, and haberdashery to Aboobaker Amod. Once established, Gujarati traders imported directly from England and India. Moosa Hajee Cassim personally visited England to purchase goods and bought the Crescent in 1895 to expedite delivery. 13 Snoek, a <b>popular</b> item among......
popular	2000	If you send that Cooking.com ad to your mom using Epidemic and she ends up buying the chocolate chips (or anything else), you would get 10 percent of the sale price. This scheme is a new twist on the concept of affiliate marketing, one of the cheapest and most <b>popular</b> ways for Internet companies to get new customers. In regular affiliate or associate programs, anyone with a Web page can make money by posting a banner ad linking to an online retailer, say Amazon.com, which says it has 400,000 associate sites. Then if any of the Web site's visitors clicks on the ad and ends up buying something at Amazon.com, the page owner gets 5 percent of the purchase price. These marketing companies are seeking to harness people's relationships to get a foot in the door of your...
popular	2000	And if you opt to skip the art, chances are there's a willing shopping companion in the group. According to a Travelocity poll, time with family and friends is the most <b>popular</b> way to spend a vacation: 43% of Americans intend to do so this year, compared with 28%......
significant	1810	The endearments attached to that beloved and <b>significant</b> appellation are fled with departed time, and Bethlehem no longer beholds her in a situation to command respect, to excite envy, or to purchase attention. Her husband, her children, are no more! --  one, one only comfort remains --  one friend, one solace in adversity --  one ray of light in the dark hour! Amidst universal desertion, RUTH has not forsaken her; but is become her joy in sorrow, her companion in solitude, her prop in decrepit age! Can we wonder that she...
significant	1840	The outward influences of a city had passed over them, as the inward had over those who fed them; nevertheless, they are doves, said I, and have all a dove's instincts. It was a <b>significant</b> lesson, and I laid it to my heart. But these Broadway doves, ever wheeling before me in graceful eddies, why did their arial frolic produce such joyous elasticity in my physical frame? Was it sympathy with nature, so intimate that her motions became my own? Or was it a revealing that the spiritual body had wings, wherewith I should hereafter fly? The pleasant, buoyant sensation recalled to my mind a dream which I read, many years ago, in Doddridge's Life and Correspondence. I will...
significant	1850	Only that once. How is that? She doesn't leave her apartments, and we gentlemen are not allowed to enter there. Is she not a prisoner? I don't know,  said the porter, again looking cautiously round;  but some of us think that may-be she's refractory, and that his lordship is taming her. Oho! I see! returned Harley, with a <b>significant</b> smile. Well, I wish we could see her --  perhaps we could prevail upon her to trade with us --  she may like our wares to amuse herself with. Well, the thing can't be done without the consent of Mistress Anne, and that I'm satisfied I can't obtain. And......
significant	1850	Nearly all parties on this side of the water and on the other were opposed to the continuance any longer of this gigantic monopoly which, with its <b>significant</b> motto,  Pro pelle cutem,  had held as wild hunting grounds an immense domain which might be opened for the abodes and works of civilization. The statesmen of England, ever eager in enlarging the......
significant	1850	We have lost sight of this young man for several pages, and, in justice equally to the reader and himself, it is necessary that we should hurriedly retrace our progress, at least so far as concerns his. We left him, if we rememoer, having driven Alfred Stevens from his purpose, riding on alone, really with no other aim than to give circulation to his limbs and fancies. His ride, if we are to believe his random but <b>significant</b> words, and his very knowing looks, was not without its results. He had certainly made some discoveries......
significant	1850	Remarks by no means complimentary to the Queen's virtue were bandied in the ante-chambers; and the physicians and ladies who hastened to her apartment, were greeted as they passed with <b>significant</b> smiles and shrugs of the shoulders. The friends of Cardinal Richelien, secure in the impunity which his protection afforded, did not scruple to vent their wit or their spite against her Majesty in coarse jests at the very doors of her chamber. The infant whose birth caused this unusual scene was not the first-bore child of Anne of Austria. Two years previously, and twenty years after her marriage with Louis, she had given birth to a son, who became Louis XIV. Rumor afterward asserted that Louis had not...
significant	1850	There! now tell us how the land lies abroad to-night. It lies but little to my liking,  growled the sheriff, with an oath. The rascally dogs have altogether stolen the march of us. They have been swarming into town all the evening, as thick as bees; while not more than a dozen of our flint-and-steel men have yet got on to the ground. It beats Belzebub! --    Our witnesses,  quickly interposed Judge Chandler, bowing with a <b>significant</b> smile and cautionary wink, while he threw a sidelong glance towards Bart, whom the wary eye of the judge had detected in slightly changing his position, so as to bring......
significant	1850	I am confident,  he remarked,  that Congress will not dispute my sincere attachment to the cause of my country, though I do not hesitate to say I am fully grounded in opinion that Vermont has an indubitable right to agree on terifis of a cessation of hostilities with Great Britain, provided the United States persist in rejecting her application for a union with them. He concluded his letter with these <b>significant</b> words:  I am as resolutely determined to defend the independence of Vermont as Congress are that of the United States;......
significant	1850	Madame Flamingo wouldn't-gentlemen, I am no doubt known to you by reputation? - soil the reputation of her house for uncounted gold. This she whispers, tripping nervously over the soft carpet up the hall, until she reaches mid-way, where on the right and left are two massive arched doors of black walnut, with stained glass for fan-lights. Our guardian (she has assumed the office) makes a <b>significant</b> motion with her left hand, which she moves backward, places her right upon the porcelain knob, turns to the right, and puts her ear inquiringly to the door. It's a sort of commonwealth; yes, sir, a......
significant	1850	And he's thar, eh? And so --   And Griffith and Devil-Dick both paused judiciously. But enough had been said, both for their information and that of others. There were greedy dogs in Dick of Tophet's gang --  more greedy and venturous than he had ever dreamed them to be. They had heard, and brooded over the information as quietly as their leader. The night was consumed in debauchery. In the morning Dick took his departure, but not before he had some <b>significant</b> words with Griffith. Then he bade the bugle blow, and started upward in a trot, making his way, with all his party, to the old haunt of Griffith, but a few miles from the Widow Avinger, where we once before found him at his revels......
significant	1850	We have lost sight of this young man for several pages, and, in justice equally to the reader and himself, it is necessary that we should hurriedly retrace our progress, at least so far as concerns his. We left him, if we rememoer, having driven Alfred Stevens from his purpose, riding on alone, really with no other aim than to give circulation to his limbs and fancies. His ride, if we are to believe his random but <b>significant</b> words, and his very knowing looks, was not without its results. He had certainly made some discoveries......
significant	1850	Madame Flamingo wouldn't-gentlemen, I am no doubt known to you by reputation? - soil the reputation of her house for uncounted gold. This she whispers, tripping nervously over the soft carpet up the hall, until she reaches mid-way, where on the right and left are two massive arched doors of black walnut, with stained glass for fan-lights. Our guardian (she has assumed the office) makes a <b>significant</b> motion with her left hand, which she moves backward, places her right upon the porcelain knob, turns to the right, and puts her ear inquiringly to the door. It's a sort of commonwealth; yes, sir, a......
significant	1850	Remarks by no means complimentary to the Queen's virtue were bandied in the ante-chambers; and the physicians and ladies who hastened to her apartment, were greeted as they passed with <b>significant</b> smiles and shrugs of the shoulders. The friends of Cardinal Richelien, secure in the impunity which his protection afforded, did not scruple to vent their wit or their spite against her Majesty in coarse jests at the very doors of her chamber. The infant whose birth caused this unusual scene was not the first-bore child of Anne of Austria. Two years previously, and twenty years after her marriage with Louis, she had given birth to a son, who became Louis XIV. Rumor afterward asserted that Louis had not...
significant	1850	Not so loud, if you please. We are watched, and every word will be reported. There are listeners and eaves-droppers all round us. But nothing to fear, come what may,  said Uncle George, upheaving his broad chest and looking about upon the rabble with a compassionate smile. Nothing, my dear Sir, with fifteen hundred of such men,  looking upon the people, and speaking loud enough to be heard,  thoroughly trained, and  --  with a <b>significant</b> smile,  armed with revolvers. The mob drew further off, and their growling and muttering died away in low murmurs, and occasional whispers. ......
significant	1990	Of course this distribution dealt with matters other than the use of sexually oriented writing, but it eventually gave a key role to the literary-critical study of serious sexual literature, especially the novel. In the 1908 Report from the Joint Select Committee on Lotteries and Indecent Advertisements, no educationist had argued that access to sexual literature was necessary if the moral training of pupils and their teachers was to be completed. Not many decades later, the educational study of literature became a <b>significant</b> means by which a capacity for individuals to manage their own sexuality, including their relation to erotica, was distributed through the official teacher-training system. As we shall see in the next chapter, this pedagogic deployment......
significant	1990	It is interesting that mean postdicted acceptance of the rejected high expectancyhigh EFCA experimentals (M = 5.69) was significantly lower than mean predicted acceptance of the high expectancy-high EFCA controls (M = 7.81), t (1,135) = 2.38, p &lt;.02 (two-tailed). This was the only <b>significant</b> difference on the prediction-postdiction issue between experimental and control subjects of the same expectancy and EFCA levels. DISCUSSION  Our first aim was to replicate and extend to a broader array of coping reactions within the confines of the same study previous scattered findings on how would-be helpers respond to a recipient's rejection, as against acceptance, of their offer of help. Second, we sought to replicate and extend previous findings concerning the mediational role that perceived expectancy violation......
significant	1990	A Turkish study of prisoners found no social stigma attached to honor murderers. n20 While advocacy organizations such as CAIR denounce any link between honor killings and Islam, many sheikhs still preach that disobedient women should be punished. Few sheikhs condemn honor killings as anti-Islamic. Honor killings are not stigmatized. In these cases, the average age of the victims was 21.5, and 10 of the 14 were daughters. Importantly, more than half the cases involved multiple perpetrators. Nor is there a <b>significant</b> difference between honor killings in North America and Europe. Neither the average age (20) nor the percentage of daughters as victims in the European cases is significantly different from those in the North American cases. (See Table 3. )  In both North America and Europe, family members conducted honor killings with excessive violence -- repeatedly stabbing, raping, setting aflame,......
significant	1990	Specifically, analyses revealed a significant association between participation in the College Success Program and fall course failure rate only among African-American students: F (3,139) = 3.18, p &lt;.03. Follow-up Tukey HSD comparisons of means revealed that only those African-American students who were enrolled in just the College Success course had a significantly lower fall course failure rate (0.26) than students not participating in any aspect of the College Success Program (0.50). There were no <b>significant</b> differences in failure rates between students who had no participation in the College Success Program, those who participated only in orientation, and those who had full participation in......
significant	1990	Introduction Purpose  The study had four purposes: to collect data on how a random national sample of recreational boaters disposed of wastes during the period from December 1996 to June 1997; to sample boaters ' attitudes about controversial issues in marine waste management; to determine if boaters are finding the facilities they need to handle waste disposal as they wish; and to determine if there are <b>significant</b> differences among subgroups of boaters regarding these issues. Regulations  Since antipollution and solid waste management regulations were formulated, there has been no national study of compliance by boaters or of boaters ' attitudes toward the regulations. Traditionally, boaters have mainly disposed of wastes overboard, particularly organic wastes such as sewage and garbage, which were considered to decompose very rapidly, but also glass, metal, paper, wood, and rope (1,2). This was especially true of boaters in tidal areas or rivers where wastes......
significant	1990	The distinguishing features are the horns: these are very long and large, curving gracefully outwards and upwards and finally inwards. There is a great deal of variation in type of horn. Some of the cattle have a horn span of 185? 190 cm while others have shorter, thicker horns and 2 per cent are polled. The total horn weight is often as much as 6.8 kg or 1.7 per cent of the body weight, but according to Trail and Sacker (1966) there does not appear to be any <b>significant</b> difference in the growth rate of horned and dehorned cattle from birth to 2 or 3 years of age. The males sometimes have a slight cervico-thoracic hump, but there is usually no hump......
significant	2000	Running the regression on the natural log-transformed counts (which, from a statistical perspective, can not be said to be nonnormal) gives results indicating that there is not a statistically significant increase in mosquito counts postconstruction after rainfall and month of the year are adjusted for. In summary, it appears that there was some increase in the average count of mosquitoes, as well as in variability, from preconstruction to postconstruction. The increase was not, however, statistically significant. Discussion  Although there were no statistically <b>significant</b> differences in total population numbers after wetland construction, the data on mosquito species collected did yield significant findings, including information on the presence of potential mosquito vectors of WNV in the town and surrounding area. Over the past five years of WNV transmission in the......
significant	2000	When you take a hit, it rings your head like a bell. Indeed, soldiers walking away from blasts have later discovered that they suffer from memory loss, short attention spans, muddled reasoning, headaches, confusion, anxiety, depression, and irritability. The military has given a new term to these pervasive, nonpenetrating head injuries: traumatic brain injury (TBI). For soldiers with TBI who remain functional, most will experience some form of brain damage and <b>significant</b> disability. The Army's 31st Combat Support Hospital in Baghdad, the only U.S. medical facility in Iraq with CT-scan capability and neurosurgeons, regularly performs craniotomies-a procedure in which the skull is opened and the injured brain inside is examined. A combat surgeon there, viewing dead matter in the brain of a recently wounded soldier, said of his work,  We can save......
significant	2000	So Kruger rangers culled their elephants annually for nearly three decades until 1994, when, under intense pressure from animal rights groups, SANParks dropped this controversial policy. Since then the elephant population has climbed to more than 9,000 and is showing no signs of slowing. With workable contraceptive techniques still some years off and other small overflow reserves full, Coutada 16 is a desperately needed lifeboat for Kruger's elephants. But how to get <b>significant</b> numbers of elephants to cross over the border once the fence is lowered is......
significant	2000	Now that we know why some women are so much more likely to get breast cancer, we can do something about it,  says Dr. Olopade, who is working with doctors in Nigeria to study the gene in African women. The groundbreaking research earned Dr. Olopade the MacArthur Foundation's genius award of $500,000-money that will help her continue her work here and in Africa. Dr. Olopade is an example of the African-American women who are making a difference in health care and who are having a <b>significant</b> impact in medicine by addressing issues such as breast cancer, substance abuse, AIDS, and providing care for underserved individuals. However, medical officials say there still are not enough African-American doctors graduating from medical schools around the country and less than 10 percent of medical school faculty members are Black. According to the 2004 data provided by the American Medical Association, 8,437 female doctors are categorized as being AfricanAmerican (out of 235,627......
significant	2000	Understanding self and others in career and academic contexts efficacy (= -.36) had a negative effect on the CI scores, as did lack of teacher support (= -.13), lack of peer support (= -.20), and teenage pregnancy (= -.15). There were no significant effects of gender on the CI scores, indicating that there were no differences between boys and girls on their sense of personal control and independence. Ethnic Differences  Results of a t test with p set to.05 indicated no <b>significant</b> differences between Native......
significant	2000	During its first 2005 session, the new government approved, without changes, the Drug Strategy 2005-2009 that had been prepared earlier by Radimecky, and his team. In April 2006, the Parliament approved the government's proposal for the new two-pronged classification of illegal drugs; however, because that legislative package contained several other profound changes of the legal code, it was returned by the Senate; it is expected that it will finally be approved by the end of 2007. In thinking about these <b>significant</b> events, we might......
significant	2000	She represents both the emotional and rational side of the brand,  says venture capitalist Bob Kagle, who helped recruit Whitman for eBay. She is an active and fair listener and tough-minded and competitive. Says Mary Meeker, the Goldman Sachs Internet analyst on whose board of directors Whitman sits:  Meg personifies emotional intelligence, emotional IQ. She has worked with significant people in her life. She has been in on a <b>significant</b> number of decisions and situations. She's processed a lot. It is the multitude of experiences that has shaped her and it can not be underestimated. Just a few years ago, before Whitman's face appeared on the cover of every business magazine......
significant	2000	In South Korea, the best way to understand persons ' ideologies is to look at their feelings toward the United States and North Korea. Today the ideological median is not to yield to the two countries but to maintain a balance. Viewed in this light, a <b>significant</b> number of South Koreans, including former president Kim Dae-jung and incumbent president Roh Moo-hyun, who are cool toward Washington and enthusiastic about Pyongyang, are inclined to the left? (n29) As a result of Kim Dae-jung's high-profile efforts to engage Pyongyang, many South Koreans are more skeptical of the United States, their long-time ally, than they are of heavily armed North Korea and believe the United States, not North Korea, is the bigger threat to their country. Some of Roh Moo-hyun's supporters have suggested a...
spanish	1820	Hume, speaking of this adventure, says they burned St Anthony and St Helen, two town*s on the coast of Florida. ** There was no such town as either. He plundered and burned St Augustine, but for the reason above mentioned, did not visit the only other town in Florida, distant twelve leagues towards cape St Helens.t After the date of this adventure we hear little of Florida for many years. De Laet in 16 ' 33, and Sanson in 1662, describe St Augustine and St Mattheo as the only <b>Spanish</b> settlements in Florida, and the......
spanish	1820	They seemed involuntary, for when his eye met hers, he withdrew it, and his cheek was dyed with blushes. There was now a thrilling melancholy in his tone; his eye was dim and sunken; and his apparel, usually elaborate, and somewhat fantastical, had a neglected air. His vest was open; his lace ruff, which was ordinarily arranged with a care that betrayed his consciousness how much it graced his fair delicate throat, had now been forgotten, and the feathers of his little <b>Spanish</b> hat dangled over his face. Hope Leslie was in no condition to note these particulars; but she was struck with his haggard and wretched appearance, and was alarmed when she saw him......
spanish	1830	The question was not, however, then presented; Congress gave no indication of willingness to make the cession. Late in the year 1779, Mr. Jay departed on his mission, in a frigate which was fitted out for the conveyance of Mr. Gerard to France. By repeated disasters, they were compelled to sail for Martinico; whence Mr. Jay took passage in a French frigate for Cadiz, where he arrived in January, 1780. He gave immediate notice to the <b>Spanish</b> Court of his arrival, and received in return an invitation to Madrid, but was given to understand, that he......
spanish	1830	They had entered the Spanish service in Cuba; where the elder brother acquired rank in the army, and rose to wealth by espousing a Spanish heiress, my mother and Isabel's; but, in an unfortunate moment, was drawn into some treasonable project or conspiracy to subvert the <b>Spanish</b> power in the island. The conspiracy was discovered, and my father escaped from the officers appointed to arrest him, only through the instrumentality of the younger brother; who, faithful throughout to the government he served, yet ardently attached to my father, procured him the means of flight in the fatal schooner. One boat carried to her my father and little Juan --  myself --  with a single attendant, and such valuables as he had time to collect; another following......
spanish	1840	The odour of plants and ripened coffee came greeting our senses while still upon the bosom of the ocean. To see the distant land was renovation, and cold, storms, and sickness were forgotten. It was noon when we entered the fine harbor of Havana, and the first day of the week. The scene that arose before us, seemed too wildly picturesque for reality. Beings of all tints and complexions, between the light <b>Spanish</b> olive, and the jetty black of Africa, seemed crowded to gaze on our arrival; arrayed in clean white garments, they looked as if prepared for a festival.......
spanish	1840	The odour of plants and ripened coffee came greeting our senses while still upon the bosom of the ocean. To see the distant land was renovation, and cold, storms, and sickness were forgotten. It was noon when we entered the fine harbor of Havana, and the first day of the week. The scene that arose before us, seemed too wildly picturesque for reality. Beings of all tints and complexions, between the light <b>Spanish</b> olive, and the jetty black of Africa, seemed crowded to gaze on our arrival; arrayed in clean white garments, they looked as if prepared for a festival.......
spanish	1850	He has executed a bust of Cean Bermudez, the author of the Dictionary of Spanish Artists. In the work mentioned in our Preface,  Sculpture and the Plastic Art,  may.be found a complete list of the names of eminent artists. There are specimens of <b>Spanish</b> works in terra-cotta of diminutive size perfectly executed. But as they are generally tinselled, and clad after the fashion of the occupation which the figures represent, frequently those of musicians and dancers, they are not favorites, and pass......
spanish	1850	He has executed a bust of Cean Bermudez, the author of the Dictionary of Spanish Artists. In the work mentioned in our Preface,  Sculpture and the Plastic Art,  may.be found a complete list of the names of eminent artists. There are specimens of <b>Spanish</b> works in terra-cotta of diminutive size perfectly executed. But as they are generally tinselled, and clad after the fashion of the occupation which the figures represent, frequently those of musicians and dancers, they are not favorites, and pass......
spanish	1860	They have no circulating medium but silver and hides --  which the sailors call  California bank notes. Everything that they buy they must pay for in one or the other of these things. The hides they bring down dried and doubled, in clumsy ox-carts, or upon mules ' backs, and the money they carry tied up in a handkerchief; --  fifty, eighty, or an hundred dollars and half dollars. I had never studied <b>Spanish</b> while at college,......
spanish	1880	Of gold pieces there were the johannes, or joe, the doubloon, the moidore, and pistole, with English and French guineas, carolins, ducats, and chequins. Of coppers there were English pence and half-pence and French sons; and pennies were issued at local mints in Vermont, Massachusetts, Connecticut, New Jersey, and I*ennsylvania. The English shilling had everywhere degenerated in value, but differently in different localities; and among silver pieces the <b>Spanish</b> dollar, from Louisiana and Cuba, had begun to supersede it as a measure of value. In New England the shilling had sunk from nearly one fourth to one sixth of......
spanish	1990	There would be bloody war in England. I am content to remain the face my people have always known. Fixed at the center. Do not fear for England, careful Burleigh. Come, Spirit, let us start the dancing. p. 17 BURLEIGH Lady, I told the <b>Spanish</b> Ambassador I would return in an hour. ELIZABETH (Smiling) Well, tell him you can not. The Queen is being difficult! BURLEIGH bows and exits. GUARD enters, pushing DEVEREAUX toward THE QUEEN. DEVEREAUX is still dressed in rustic. HE is an amiable, diffident, witty young man. GUARD My Lady, this is the scarecrow they pulled from Sir Walter. DEVEREAUX makes a simple country bow. The GUARD stands in formal attendance. ELIZABETH (To DEVEREAUX) Why will you not bow to the...
spanish	1990	Shorty told him about himself, and about Bill, and about some of the things he could see from the plane. When he saw what looked like wheel tracks curving across the prairie, it was the most natural thing on earth to ask the voice what they were. That's the old Santa Fe Trail,  Shorty's earphones said. That's the road they took before there were railroads. They went to the old <b>Spanish</b> cities in Mexico and brought wagonloads of goods home to sell. That's one of the most famous roads in America. Why, that's what I do,  said Shorty, becoming excited. That's how......
spanish	1990	6 Regimes of Exception in Peru and Bolivia ALMOST A DECADE AFTER VENEZUELANS PROCLAIMED INDEPENDENCE from Spain and adopted South America's first republican constitution, an Argentine general heading a predominantly Chilean army and supported by naval forces commanded by a British officer proclaimed independence for Peru. Even then, the center of royal authority and military power remained ambiguously independent until the Argentine, Jose de San Martin, stepped aside (1822) and permitted the Colombian armies of Simon Bolivar and Jose Antonio de Sucre to invade from the north, defeating <b>Spanish</b> forces in the Andean highlands. At Ayacucho in December 1824, General Sucre's combined force of Colombians, Peruvians, freed slaves, and mulattos defeated the army of Peru's last viceroy, Jose de la Serna. A hopeless last stand by royalists besieged in Callao, Lima's port, ended with Spanish capitulation in January 1826. But support for Spain, the king, and the traditional order persisted; fear of republicanism, liberalism, and......
spanish	2000	There was fuel, and there were pions and game. And Angie, with an Irish eye for the land, saw that it would grow crops. The house itself was built on the ruins of the old <b>Spanish</b> building, using the thick walls and the floor. The location had been admirably chosen for defense. The house was built in a corner of the cliff, under the sheltering overhang, so that approach was possible from only two directions, both covered by an easy field of fire from the door and windows. For seven months, Ed worked hard and steadily. He put in the first crop, he built the house, and proved himself a handy man with tools. He repaired the old plow they had bought...
spanish	2000	By pandemic's end, 14,800 were dead in Chi-town. New York City 51,479 potential deaths  An early wave of Spanish flu was present in the city between February and April 1918, according to new research. By spring 1919, the pandemic had claimed at least 35,700 New Yorkers. San Francisco 5,728 potential deaths  Two-thirds of those who died of <b>Spanish</b> flu in San Francisco were between the ages of 20 and 40, according to reports. In all, 3,900 people died in the city. Philadelphia 13,461 potential deaths  One of the hardest-struck cities in 1918. In a single week in October, flu killed more than 4,500 people. Overall, 16,700 perished. Boston 4,945......
spanish	2000	DORIS KEARNS GOODWIN Historian in conversation with Roy Eisenhardt. 8 p.m. $22. Herbst Theatre, 401 Van Ness Ave., S.F. (415) 392-4400. RAY MANZAREK Signing copies of  Poet in Exile. 7 p.m. Borders, 588 Francisco Blvd. W., San Rafael. (415) 454-1400. SOUTH ASIAN BOOK CLUB Discussing Anita Raou Badami's  A Hero's Walk. 11:30 a.m. Barnes and Noble, 2352 Shattuck Ave., Berkeley. (510) 644-0861. <b>SPANISH</b> BOOK GROUP Discussing Javier Marias '  Manana en la batella piensa en mi.  7:30 p.m. Kepler's, 1010 El Camino Real, Menlo Park. (650) 324-4321. NATHANIEL STONE Reading from  On the Water. 7 p.m. A Clean Well-Lighted Place for Books, 601 Van Ness Ave.,......
spanish	2000	A study on a touchy subject like this probably never has been conducted, but the **25;1666;TOOLONG of my acquaintance (including my Hispanic friends who intentionally choose not to understand Spanish even though it was their parents ' first language) associate the sounds of Spanish with negative qualities-not evil ones, like violence, anger or malice --  but weaknesses, like laziness, passivity, poor education, anti-intellectualism, and a perverse refusal to enunciate. It May seem counterintuitive to assert that the <b>Spanish</b> language has a bad reputation in this country, when you consider that, as of the last census, there were some 35 million self-described Hispanic-Americans residing here, and that projections show these numbers will only increase. The papers report that forward-looking Bobos, eying long-term demographic and employment trends, are now jousting to get their kids into Spanish-concentration magnet schools. The president sprinkles Spanish (......
spanish	2000	Modem pieces include a vanity box made by Carter for actress Mary Pickford, necklace made of gold coins from the jeweler Bulgari, and brooch designed by Paloma Picasso for Tiffany and Co. Lost and Found contains a treasure trove of gold bars, a massive serving tray, jewelry, and coins recovered from American and <b>Spanish</b> shipwrecks. Recovered treasures provide a rare glimpse into the history of commercial gold. For example, when the 55 Central America went down in a storm off the Carolinas in 1857 with its cargo of gold bars, coins, and dust from the gold fields of California, the loss caused an economic depression that lasted until the Civil War. The Gold Standard examines how individual countries base......
whole	1820	To the north-west round to the north, the country was nearly the same; but from north to north-east by east, it was more broken into low barren hills; the tops and sides covered with iron bark, and cypress growing among the interstices of the granite rocks. We had however seen no water, but there was something in the aspect of the <b>whole</b> country that flattered our hopes of finding it in some of the valleys that lay in our course; nor were we disappointed: after going rather more than four miles farther, through a very open country, thickly covered with broom-grass (killed by the frost), we ascended a rocky hill of moderate elevation, connected......
whole	1830	0, my dear sir, what must be your happiness to have been the instrument in the hands of the Holy Spirit in bringing peace to the soul of our beloved A. Her <b>whole</b> mind seems bent upon one theme - the love of Christ. ' The following is another evidence of the various methods he adopted to awaken the attention of individuals to the concerns of eternity. * ' Permit a stranger to express the delight with which, in the stilhiess of the evening, he has paused to listen to those notes which have been so sweetly, so plaintively, or so wildly obedient to the skill of your fingers and the emotions of your soul. Pardon me if I express some of...
whole	1830	' Opinions on Events ': what can possibly be done with these? That depends a little on their classification,  returned the brigadier. If they relate to Leaplow events, while they have a certain value, they can not be termed of current value; but if they refer to the events of all the rest of the earth, take them for heaven's sake! for we trust altogether to this market for our supplies. On this hint I ordered the <b>whole</b> lot, trusting to dispose of the least fashionable by aid of those that were more in vogue. ' Opinions on Domestic Literature. '   You may buy all he has; we use no other. ' Opinions on Continental Literature. '   Why, we know little about the goods themselves -- but I think a selection might answer. I ordered the bale cut in two, and took one half, at a venture......
whole	1840	Carrel was arrested as an accomplice, it was pretended, for every one of these attempts has been attributed to the <b>whole</b> body of the Republicans, while they were utterly ignorant of them until they took place, and then bitterly denounced them. But the Government has made capital out of all these insane attempts, and against the opposition, too. I've heard it asserted,  said Rollin,  that the Government got up some of those little exhibitions of fireworks for that very purpose. They are quite harmless, so far as the old man is concerned --  wonderfully so --  and Fieschi was made a perfect fool of...
whole	1850	There could not be a purer air. This was merely the seasoning which people who passed from one country to another must expect. In November all would be well again. But the rate at which the emigrants died was such that none of them seemed likely to live till November. Those who were not laid on their beds were yellow, lean, feeble, hardly able to move the sick and to bury the dead, and quite unable to repel the expected attack of the Spaniards. The cry of the <b>whole</b> community was that death was all around them, and that they must, while they still had strength to weigh an anchor or spread a sail, fly to some less fatal region. The men and provisions......
whole	1850	After more than half a century of the largest political education, under the most favorable constitution that was ever enjoyed by any nation; after having our political life developed and intensified certainly to an extraordinary preponderance among our social interests, and, in the opinion of many, so as to threaten to absorb and extinguish every other liberal inclination; after having prodneed so many great men, and placed them in situations of influence and honor, from which their spirit and instructions have descended upon the <b>whole</b> body of the people by means of the widest circulating press which the most unlimited freedom and universal......
whole	1850	Until I became acquainted with the discoveries of Dzierzon, I supposed myself to be the only observer who had noticed this remarkable fact, and who had been led by it, to modify the <b>whole</b> system of artificial swarming. The perusal of Mr. Wagner's manuscript translation of that author, showed me that he had arrived at precisely similar results. It may seem at first, very unaccountable that bees should go on to fill their hives with comb unfit for breeding, when the young queen will so soon require worker-cells for her eggs; but it must be borne in mind, that bees, under such circumstances, are always in an unnatural state. They are attempting to rear a new queen in a......
whole	1990	The paradox enlivens the work of Rothko, Gottlieb, and Newman, who issued statements insisting on the primacy of subject matter in their art. In a sense they were rethinking the <b>whole</b> concept of subject matter; they also elevated the importance of titles and altered our understanding of the relation between the title and the work it names. Newman has a series of paintings called The Stations......
whole	1990	In some aspects I might be seen as abnormal because I wasn't allowed to play outside. The only playtime I had was in school, in the playground or whatever. So they really did control who were my friends. My friends were the people who were in that private school. I had white friends, Asian friends, I had everybody. It just wasn't all black friends. People would come off of neighboring streets like Culver Street to ask me,  Can I play? ' Cause my <b>whole</b> family lives in the......
whole	1990	At Ridgewood High School in New Jersey, the gym class that gets the most notice is called Project Adventure. Based on the Outward Bound program, the mandatory course has an obstacle course of ropes, logs, planks and tires. The kids, working in groups, learn about teamwork as they make their way over 18-footbrick walls and through 68-foot trees and other available obstacles that have been worked into the course at no extra cost to the school. If one member gives up at any point, his or her <b>whole</b> group must start again. But because the settings and the challenges are so spectacular, says David B. Marsh, director of health, physical education and athletics for the Ridgewood Public Schools,  kids are literally pounding on the door to get into class, and when the course is over, they want to come after......
whole	1990	So please don't get mad, don't think this is political or personal, please know I'm only begging for our lives when I say that our last few trees are still falling and our mills have closed and our people are sad and broke and lied to. And our schools are in ruins, our totem owl dead, and our elk jammed in a last few canyons, pulverizing our last spawning beds with hooves they've no other place to set down, so that the salmon we cherish, salmon our <b>whole</b> Chain of Being needs to remain unbroken, salmon that have forever climbed these rivers, nailing their shining bodies to lonely beds of gravel that tiny silver offspring may live, they no longer come. And our bears, old honeypaws, the joy their tracks alone gave our children, they, too......
whole	1990	While suicide is the ultimate tragedy, Sandra Gillis, executive director of PFLAG in Washington, D.C., says the  on-going homophobic assaults against a gay teen-ager, as they struggle through the high school years, has an equally devastating effect on the <b>whole</b> family. . . . Kids have to lie to everybody, just to be safe, and even then they might not be. Gillis says the 326 PFLAG chapters nationwide serve as safe havens for gay youth with no other place to turn. Gillis tells the story of an  all-American Eagle Scout  in Utah who recently contacted PFLAG headquarters by computer. He was gay, from a Mormon family, and desperate. So we put him in touch with a PFLAG chapter in Salt......
whole	2000	He feels a stirring of hunger, but he tucks his two fingers into his waistband again and thinks apple instead of apple pie. He journeys down another side street and exchanges greetings with a man smoking a pipe on his front porch. He passes a young couple, and the woman titters, but they don't notice Pinky, so wrapped up are they, and he finds that utterly disarming. He meets more people strolling under the streetlamps. Why, it seems to him, that the <b>whole</b> town must be spilling out into the warm night. Or maybe this is the way the world congregates when he's alone, in his school, his home. And there it is. His house. Locked tight and shuttered close. He opens the front door, the drapes, turns on all the lights. Then he steps back out on the sidewalk to see what he can of himself. ......
whole	2000	The whole world seemed to be on the verge of madness. Without any warning, a blinding flash filled the sky. Far to the east a shaft of pure white light penetrated the atmosphere. No one could escape its brightness as it cut across the heavens like a lightning bolt. London fell silent; the <b>whole</b> town waited. In his room, Blake managed to find his telescope. He looked to the skies and the shaft of light came again, and again, flashing brighter and brighter, piercing the darkness. Blake saw through the telescope what he had been waiting for. High in the northeast at the crown of heaven he could see a star, but this was no ordinary star -- it was a sky dragon. Blake could clearly see a long white tail that streamed far behind the bright luminous head. A comet of such...
set(['', 'whole_course_1840', 'monstrous_shape_1830', 'major_telecommunication_1990', 'annual_academy_1990', 'whole_prospect_1850', 'popular_report_1820', 'annual_track_2000', 'popular_unrest_2000', 'monstrous_voyage_2000', 'monstrous_guilt_1830', 'annual_register_1820', 'popular_establishment_2000', 'spanish_expedition_1990', 'significant_reply_1850', 'monstrous_world_1990', 'mere_envy_2000', 'significant_interaction_1990', 'dramatic_application_1990', 'whole_list_2000', 'annual_expense_1840', 'annual__1820', 'spanish_chivalry_1820', 'popular_total_2000', 'significant_shift_1990', 'whole_truth_1820', 'major_success_1990', 'mere_necessity_1820', 'major_cut_2000', 'annual_loss_1830', 'whole_clove_2000', 'whole_production_2000', 'annual_expense_1850', 'dramatic_focus_1990', 'significant_challenge_2000', 'spanish_vocabulary_1990', 'significant_air_1840', 'spanish_crucifix_1850', 'major_focus_2000', 'monetary_decline_1990', 'whole_company_1840', 'monstrous_injustice_1850', 'popular_meeting_1840', 'mere_man_1990', 'annual_premium_1990', 'mere_at-homeness_2000', 'popular_regret_1840', 'significant_anniversary_1990', 'major_theme_2000', 'dramatic_example_2000', 'monstrous_appetite_1840', 'mere_minute_2000', 'dramatic_volume_2000', 'monstrous__1880', 'whole_story_1820', 'spanish_labor_2000', 'mere_accomplishment_1840', 'monstrous__1830', 'dramatic_scene_2000', 'major_organization_1990', 'popular_vote_1990', 'annual_grant_1990', 'dramatic_revelation_1990', 'major_query_1990', 'significant_step_1830', 'spanish_jail_2000', 'major_hotel_1990', 'spanish_technique_1990', 'significant_moment_2000', 'significant_way_2000', 'mere_invocation_1990', 'popular_year_1990', 'spanish_match_1990', 'spanish_power_1840', 'spanish_music_2000', 'popular_issue_1990', 'dramatic_story_1990', 'popular_point_1850', 'spanish_mission_2000', 'significant_reduction_1990', 'whole_summer_1990', 'dramatic_contrast_2000', 'annual_hunt_1990', 'dramatic_reminder_2000', 'whole_farm_2000', 'mere__1820', 'monstrous_whale_1840', 'monstrous_wave_1840', 'monstrous_coagulation_2000', 'dramatic_variety_1840', 'significant_paragraph_1830', 'mere_deputy_1850', 'popular_product_1990', 'dramatic_rise_2000', 'annual_westside_2000', 'mere_$14,400_1990', 'dramatic_fall-off_1990', 'annual_assembly_1840', 'whole_thing_1830', 'mere__1830', 'whole_town_1850', 'dramatic_method_2000', 'significant_cough_1830', 'mere_shell_1830', 'major_author_1990'])
